 the vullens ' curse natasha house illustrated by stephanie house books by natasha house citizen zara the jade series the vullens ' curse the deities ' touch the vision-stone grace alive series grace alive grace unbroken © 2014 natasha house smashwords edition all rights reserved . 
 this book contains material protected under international and federal copyright laws and treaties . 
 any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited . 
 no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic or mechanical , including photocopying , recording , or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author/publisher this book is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , and incidents either are products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental . 
 café house publishing for jeana and stephanie you inspired me to embark into a world of fantasy . 
 chapter 1 otsana dredge forest hot ragged breath tore from otsana 's long , muddy muzzle as her oversized paws thudded against the lush underbrush . 
 light from the two moons , galia and rapha , reflected in her black eyes , as she zigzagged around moss covered trees and low hanging branches , animals scattering in her wake . 
 a sharp sound like that of nails scraping over rocks jerked her ragged furry head to the side . 
 her lips curled back in a menacing snarl , her fur standing on end . 
 silence washed over her . 
 what is that ? 
 the she-wolfinic 's eyes pierced the looming darkness . 
 a maniacal laugh bounced off the shadowed trees and hit her full force like a rogue wind . 
 otsana crouched , a low , threatening growl reverberating in the back of her throat . 
 her claws protracted , digging into the soft soil beneath . 
 how come i ca n't see you ? 
 her mind felt clouded -- her visions choppy and unclear . 
 `` where are you going , wolfinic ? '' 
 sang out a melodic voice , rising from the midst of the darkness that seeped behind her heels . 
 silver fog made rivulets around the ankles of a dark-cloaked figure that emerged as if an apparition . 
 `` this is our domain , '' otsana snarled , flashing her sharp teeth . 
 she dipped her head down and prowled toward the creature . 
 `` you have no business here . 
 get off our land or be forced to leave . '' 
 the cloaked man laughed again . 
 the sound was so piercingly sweet that it hurt her ears . 
 otsana 's eyes glowed white as future visions of herself in pain exploded through her consciousness . 
 i have to get out of here ! 
 now ! 
 she turned and bolted forward through the forest , howling in anxiety . 
 an eerie melody coming from the creature 's mouth chased behind her , rising in a high-pitched frequency . 
 otsana 's eyes remained transfixed in fear as she scampered from out of sight of the phantom . 
 she heard the echo of dark laughter as she narrowly escaped with her life . 
 otsana made it back to her village with memories of the cloaked figure streaking through her mind . 
 why did n't i see that creature in one of my visions ? 
 it looked like a vullen , a race she knew very little about . 
 she 'd only heard the foreign race mentioned once or twice since she 'd been born , and that was in hushed tones . 
 they have become a myth to my people . 
 a nightmare to frighten pups . 
 she thought back to the terrifying visions of seeing her body twisted in pain on the ground . 
 she had n't seen what the vullen would do -- was it possible that a vullen could block a wolfinic 's foresight ? 
 she shuddered , and her eyes closed for a mere moment . 
 vullens had n't been seen in her lifetime . 
 maybe i 'm wrong about the creature -- i hope i 'm wrong . 
 the cloaked creatures loved death , and where they were , death followed . 
 normally , she would n't wander so far into the dredge forest , but for some odd reason she had today . 
 otsana 's heart continued to pound as she walked through her village . 
 the trees seemed to be older , more majestic , and hold legends in their gnarled bark where her tribe had settled . 
 wolfinics of all ages played , barked , and talked to each other all around her . 
 her long tail swished the brushwood beneath her paws ; little scomperoos darted in fear between the long strands of her matted fur . 
 she dipped her nose down and scooped up a mouthful of them , enjoying the crunch with a smack of her lips . 
 it took about a thousand of the tiny rodents before she was satisfied , but she enjoyed a light snack . 
 half skewed huts lay like broken glass around her , jutting out with bits of metal , rock , wood , and anything else the tribe could gather . 
 the wolfinics kept to themselves , staying away from the villages and the other races on jade . 
 otsana nudged a nearby pup that was playing too close to an older pup , who tended to bite . 
 `` give him space . '' 
 she chuckled and licked the pup 's ear . 
 the little , dirty , white pup yipped affectionately and bounded in the opposite direction . 
 otsana grinned for a moment , but the thought of the vullen still disturbed her . 
 is he a threat to my village ? 
 she scowled as she saw two pups fighting over a scrap of meat . 
 `` there is plenty for all . '' 
 she tore the tendon apart and tossed a piece to each pup . 
 they scarfed down their meal and continued to nip at each other . 
 pups . 
 she shook her head with amusement as she came across several mothers , their young suckling . 
 `` otsana ! 
 i see you 're back from your trek ! '' 
 a female said . 
 a chubby pup drank from her milk . 
 `` yes , i 've been restless today , '' otsana called back . 
 the mother knocked her pup a little to the side with her paw ; his suckling was too eager . 
 `` relax , oin . 
 it is n't going to go away . '' 
 the mother nestled the pup back against her . 
 `` you should n't wander so far from the village , otsana , '' an elderly voice barked . 
 elder pois , a white wolfinic with a black nose and strands of hair falling in her eyes , nudged her gently . 
 otsana returned the affection , nudging back with her nose and rubbing against the side of the elder 's wide head . 
 the memory of her encounter played like a nightmare before otsana once again . 
 `` i encountered what i believe was a vullen . '' 
 her eyes narrowed in suspicion . 
 `` have you heard of such a thing coming so close to us before , elder pois ? '' 
 otsana asked . 
 her tongue licked her chops with nervous energy . 
 `` i had thought the vullens had died out . 
 they 've never crossed into our land before . 
 perhaps there was a sign which we have disregarded over the years . '' 
 a silence stretched between them for a few moments . 
 worry crossed the elder 's expression , and otsana saw a vision of pois pouring over ancient scrolls . 
 `` have a good evening , elder . '' 
 otsana bowed , licked pois goodbye , and broke into a run , hurrying to get home to her mate . 
 otsana slowed down as she reached her hut . 
 her nose sniffed the early morning air for signs of her mate mur . 
 he seemed to be out . 
 he had been hunting more for her since she 'd found out some good news a few months ago . 
 she grinned and felt movement in her womb . 
 shema would be born in six years . 
 she wanted everything to be perfect for her new pup . 
 she agilely avoided old carcasses as she came over the threshold of her home . 
 she scooted piles of bones to one side , clearing off the mossy floor . 
 i 'll clean the hut later . 
 she slumped down onto a pile of soft gray furs and pulled one up over her body with her teeth . 
 a scomperoo scurried out of the furry bed , where it had thought a soft resting place would be . 
 she did n't have the energy to eat it as she watched it run away . 
 three little babies flitted behind it ; their short stubby legs , pointed noses , and long tails thumped the floor . 
 her eyes fluttered closed . 
 elder pois darkness inked over the village ; the moons ' light cast long shadows over elder pois as she walked silently outside each hut . 
 she searched vision after vision , trying to see what she had missed . 
 a vullen ? 
 she stood outside otsana 's hut for a moment longer than the others . 
 the female wolfinic was more intuitive than most . 
 elder pois had a hard time seeing the destiny of this one -- it kept changing . 
 at times a dark path littered her visions , and elder pois would shudder at the outcome . 
 she prayed to el ' yi that otsana and her small pup would stay under the protection of the tribe . 
 she moved forward , her feet crunching discarded bones left from someone 's meal . 
 the scampering creatures of the forest in the background droned , the soft trickling of the village creek was a soothing melody to her ancient ears . 
 she came to her own hut and slipped inside . 
 she sniffed the air absentmindedly , her paws moving aside bent pieces of metal and stone . 
 it had been a long time since she 'd gotten wind of a vullen . 
 she searched her memories , trying to place the right one . 
 she had been no older than a pup when her mama and papa had fought bravely against one . 
 the golden-skinned creatures relished death and destruction . 
 she had watched the affects of the vullen 's song on her tribe . 
 she remembered running through the thick forest and hiding in an old hollow tree away from the battlegrounds . 
 her papa had told her a story of how the high deity el ' yi had taken revenge on the cloaked creatures for their destruction . 
 the affects of that day still resounded in pois . 
 she finally found what she was searching for and picked up a scroll with her claws . 
 she set it on her table and sighed softy to herself . 
 i thought i 'd never see another vullen again . 
 she carefully unrolled the scroll and poured over the ancient stories . 
 in the ancient days , the cloaked creatures swept across jade and started killing relentlessly . 
 to put a stop to it , el ' yi banished them to a certain domain within the dredge forest . 
 elder pois kept reading the ancient scroll , dim lights flickering shadows around her like dancing deities . 
 she scanned the pages , gasping , her pupils dilating and turning white with visions . 
 she moaned softly . 
 when it passed , she poured over the scroll once more . 
 the visions were subject to change , they might never see the dark creatures again , but the slight chance made her keep at her tedious work . 
 chapter 2 fressa dredge forest vullen village like a doghin to his master , a cold bristling wind followed the dark-cloaked vullen . 
 fressa glanced up at the moons , his clear colored eyes and dark pupils dilating with pleasure . 
 he soaked up the night 's beauty as he made his way back toward his village . 
 he could feel the curse of the high deity el ' yi puckering his skin -- reminding him of the sins of his people . 
 he grimaced in annoyance . 
 he had stepped just outside the border of his village , but he had n't killed anything . 
 yet . 
 seeing the wolfinic and teasing her with his song was just tampering with el ' yi . 
 he could n't help himself . 
 he stroked the stringy , coarse , black mane of the dark purple furred animal that 'd waited patiently for him . 
 the dellian was as tall as him , his hind feet sported claws that dug into the dirt , and big soulless eyes stared intelligently at him . 
 `` we have been seen , shaka . '' 
 as if he was weightless , fressa swung his leg up on his pet , his body molding to shaka 's curved back , making them appear as if they were one entity . 
 `` we have been seen . '' 
 a chuckle like that of metal on metal came out of the vullen 's throat . 
 the wind gossiped through the dark branches , as fressa rode silently past the vullen border . 
 shaka stomped over the mossy black and green fungi , branches snapping under his two feet , nostrils flaring at the sound of approaching footsteps . 
 fressa patted the dellian 's long , graceful neck . 
 he grabbed the twisted , wild horns of the animal and gave them a good rub . 
 shaka calmed down immediately at the touch . 
 a silver-cloaked man , with golden skin , long golden nails , and a concerned look on his face approached . 
 his white hair curled wildly out the sides of his hood like a swirling cloud . 
 fressa looked past the elder to see several women silently striding by . 
 their cloaks were a variety of dark shades , and their wild hair spilled out the edges of their hoods . 
 if only his own wife were as perfect as these creatures . 
 bored expressions covered their faces as children darted around them ; their jubilant calls to one another filled the edgy silence . 
 the ends of each vullens ' cloaks were lost in a silver swirling mist . 
 `` are you maddened by your lust , fressa ? '' 
 elder glon asked . 
 fressa slid off shaka and led him to his stall . 
 he grabbed the dellian 's reins tightly when a child darted under his pet like a scomperoo . 
 fressa 's mouth curved into a sick , satisfied smile . 
 `` no , but perhaps i shook the seer race today . 
 i was just having some fun , elder glon . 
 el ' yi 's curse caused minimal damage . '' 
 he lifted his black cloak to reveal several dark shaded bruises on his shoulder . 
 `` i 'm sick of this curse , '' fressa said . 
 `` if you respected the high deity , you would leave his favorites alone . 
 what if you had killed one ? 
 you would have angered the high deity more than he already is . '' 
 elder glon gave the young vullen a worried look . 
 `` you worry too much what el ' yi can do . 
 have you ever thought that maybe he has forgotten about us and will let us leave this wretched place ? 
 our children know nothing about our world . 
 all they know is the darkness of the dredge forest . '' 
 `` they are n't unhappy here unlike you , fressa . 
 your death lust will cause chaos . 
 leave el ' yi 's races alone . 
 move on , enjoy your wife , and your soon-to-be child . '' 
 `` what kind of place am i going to bring him into ? 
 we feed on spores ! '' 
 fressa kicked at the mushroom-infested ground that grew around their feet . 
 the fungus exploded in clumps and fell to the ground unceremoniously . 
 `` you should have your wounds looked at . '' 
 glon 's long fingernails clacked together . 
 the younger man walked toward the healing tent , an annoyed expression covering his face . 
 `` the young , '' glon muttered , and moved toward his tent , silver mist slithering around his feet . 
 *** `` why must you test him , fressa . 
 look at you ! '' 
 fressa 's wife asha scolded him as he stepped into the healing tent . 
 asha was a practiced healer and very far along with child . 
 her dark purple cloak hung around her shoulders , and her hood masked most of her shimmering golden face and sapphire locks . 
 her right hand rested on her swollen abdomen , the other ushered him to a chair made out of black gnarled roots . 
 she clucked at him in disapproval , peeled his cloak from his shoulders , and set it on a hook against the back wall . 
 fressa shivered involuntarily , feeling exposed and raw , even though it was only in front of his wife and unborn child . 
 asha 's graceful long fingers brushed his wounds carefully , her voice singing whisper soft . 
 fressa could immediately feel the healing affects of the melody and smiled . 
 he was n't sure where his wife had learned the song , but it seemed to come in handy when he was reckless . 
 which was all the time . 
 pretty soon , the wounds completely disappeared . 
 `` stop endangering yourself , fressa . 
 the baby is due anytime now . 
 i need you here for her birth . '' 
 asha fiddled with a bottle of herbs , her body stiff with anger . 
 `` her ? 
 it 's going to be a boy . '' 
 he put his hand on his wife 's swollen belly and felt movement . 
 `` no , it 's a girl . 
 her name is deilia , '' asha cooed to her unborn baby . 
 suddenly , a dark and hungry look swept over fressa 's face as a realization hit him . 
 `` asha , it 's almost time to begin . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 he could see the disapproval in his wife 's eyes . 
 `` why do you relish in the deaths ? 
 eventually our people must learn to separate themselves from their lusts . '' 
 asha threw his cloak at him . 
 `` cloak yourself . 
 i do n't wish to see you exposed . '' 
 her anger was evident , but fressa did n't care as he slipped the comfortable material back around him . 
 asha 's beliefs were foreign and unnatural . 
 vullens craved death -- it was the way things had always been . 
 torturing a creature until they died was something he desired . 
 `` fine , but our son will learn to love it as i do . '' 
 his cloak fluttered behind him as he stepped into the cool night air . 
 `` daughter , '' asha hissed . 
 otsana wolfinic village dredge forest a loud slurp woke otsana from her short nap . 
 she lifted her nose up into the air and snuffled in annoyance . 
 she heard a soft chuckle . 
 `` hello , darling . 
 sleep well ? '' 
 mur grinned at her , tearing apart the animal he 'd brought for dinner . 
 chunks of bloody meat slapped the ground in front of her nose . 
 `` i dreamt of her , mur . 
 she 's going to be so beautiful . '' 
 otsana hungrily gulped down the pieces of raw meat . 
 `` of course she will be beautiful . 
 look at her mother . '' 
 mur pounced on his wife , his tongue licking her with passion . 
 `` you are in good spirits ! '' 
 `` who can blame me ? 
 i have you and our soon-to-be pup that will grace the world ! '' 
 he rolled her onto her stomach and nosed her belly , his black eyes warm and caring . 
 otsana nipped at his ear and playfully tugged him toward her . 
 `` say goodnight to shema . '' 
 mur put his nose close to otsana 's black-copper fur . 
 `` good night , sweetie . '' 
 *** otsana walked with astute steps toward the center of the village . 
 the morning light was peeking through the trees , teasing her fur with splotches of golden warmth . 
 her visions were alive with fury , but she set them aside and concentrated on the moment around her . 
 every morning her tribe gathered to play and to converse about their visions . 
 the thought of the vullen was like a dull annoyance in the back of her mind , but she dismissed it . 
 if elder pois was n't worried , then neither would she be . 
 mur had still been asleep when she awoke , so she 'd let him rest a little while longer . 
 he had been working hard for her and their pup-to-be . 
 `` good morning , otsana ! '' 
 a cheery voice greeted her . 
 she walked by a light gray furred female that was dragging the carcass of her next meal . 
 `` good morning , sage ! '' 
 sage grinned at her , blood stains on her muzzle . 
 `` when is that pup due ? '' 
 `` soon ! '' 
 the pup rolled inside her happily at the sound of her voice . 
 wolfinics around her began to converse . 
 pups rolled in the dirt , their happy yips and barks ringing . 
 otsana strolled over to the group of females that were talking and keeping an eye on their little ones . 
 `` i trust you slept well , my dear , '' elder pois said , her white tail swishing . 
 `` yes , thank you , elder . 
 any new thoughts about the creature i saw ? '' 
 otsana asked , picking up the undertone of worry that elder pois was carrying . 
 `` i do not foresee any danger with them . 
 from what i 've studied , the vullen race is known to step outside our visions . 
 your mother knew much more than any other wolfinic in this village about the cloaked ones . '' 
 elder pois nudged otsana . 
 `` she did jot down some of her discoveries , which i have read throughout the night . 
 the vullens have a death song that i encountered as a pup . '' 
 `` i heard it , elder , i barely escaped it . 
 i had thought the vullen race was cursed and had slowly died off . 
 how is it that el ' yi allowed this one into our domain ? '' 
 `` perhaps there is a way to escape their curse . '' 
 asha vullen village dredge forest whenever fressa came home from watching a death , he was high with death lust . 
 all of her tribe was . 
 asha held a cloth in her hand , wiping down the tables in her healer 's tent until they shone . 
 she always avoided watching the deaths . 
 she could sense that her beliefs were causing suspicion amongst her tribe . 
 it was n't that she did n't enjoy it . 
 everything within her craved to watch the slow , painful deaths of innocents . 
 it was something else entirely that drove her to shun it . 
 it might have been the fact that el ' yi had cursed them because of their lust . 
 maybe it was the small child in her womb , whom she wanted to raise outside the dredge forest . 
 they used to live around mountains and valleys , streams , and near fields of flowers , ages and ages ago . 
 she remembered her father weaving her stories as a child . 
 now , all she had was the picture book her grandfather had made for her father . 
 her father had passed it down to her , to show her what lived on the planet of jade . 
 a cold shiver ran down her spine as fressa stepped through the door . 
 his face was flushed with excitement , as he swept her up in his arms and kissed her with heady passion . 
 `` you should have been there to enjoy it , asha . 
 i hate it that you 're tucked away in here while we drink in all the pleasure . 
 please , come to the next death . '' 
 he stroked her face gently and whispered huskily , `` tonight ... ? '' 
 he pulled her against him . 
 asha knew better than to deny his requests when he was fevered with death lust . 
 fressa fressa lay beside his wife , who was curled up beside him asleep . 
 why was she so stubbornly different ? 
 how could he express the thrill of death to her ? 
 it was more pleasurable to him than intimacy with her . 
 he would never tell her that though . 
 he touched his unborn child and scowled slightly . 
 what if she raised his son to be like her ? 
 what if he was an outcast amongst their people like asha was becoming ? 
 his people whispered about her . 
 he 'd overheard one of his friends say that she was n't right in the head . 
 asha 's grandfather had been an outcast as well , and he 'd passed down his beliefs to his children . 
 he 'd taught a different doctrine than that of the elders . 
 he feared for asha 's life if she did n't stop her deliberate acts of defiance . 
 he would raise his son to love death whether she approved of it or not . 
 chapter 3 asha asha 's rich , majestic , purple cloak fluttered behind her , as she ran clutching a small bundle in her arms . 
 her feet were enshrouded with a silver fog , and her face was strained in an aching look . 
 branches snapped recklessly as she glided through the forest . 
 she stopped for a moment , dragging ragged breaths into her lungs . 
 she gently unfolded the bundle in her arms , focusing on an infant . 
 she softly stroked the baby 's golden cheek and twisted a purple lock of hair in her finger . 
 `` i do n't want you to have this life , deilia . 
 i want you to be free of this place . 
 please remember that ... i love you . 
 grow up and despise death . 
 do n't let it trap you like the rest of us . '' 
 asha clung to the small bundle for a long moment , tremors going through her body . 
 she set the infant down in a groove of a gnarled tree ; the crook easily fit the bundled child . 
 she bent down once more and placed a kiss on the baby 's forehead . 
 she disappeared into the night , the sound of her cloak rustling behind her . 
 fressa fressa stared at the empty cradle with a strange foreboding . 
 his wife was last seen this morning with deilia , walking into the heart of the forest . 
 she had n't returned . 
 coldness crept down his spine , an urgency to find asha and deilia clawing at him . 
 his wife had n't been herself since the child was born . 
 she would walk for hours and return with deilia covered in an odd dust . 
 he had n't thought much about it , until this evening , when neither of them had returned . 
 he had to find deilia . 
 `` i 'm going to look for her , elder , '' fressa said , as he pulled himself up on shaka a few moments later . 
 elder glon grabbed the reins of the dellian and pulled the nose of the critter down . 
 `` i 'm sure deilia is fine . '' 
 `` you do n't know that . '' 
 fressa yanked the reins back and urged shaka into the darkness . 
 the rotting leaves and sticks crunched like bones underfoot , as they moved quickly . 
 shaka sniffed the soil , trying to pick up the scent fressa 's wife had left . 
 the horned creature bowed suddenly , nearly making fressa tumble off him . 
 shaka sniffed curiously at a body curled up on the ground . 
 fressa clambered off his ride . 
 he gently turned over the figure laying face down in the leaves . 
 dark blue hair spilled out of the woman 's hood . 
 `` asha ! '' 
 he scooped her up in his arms , frantically looking around for his infant child . 
 he shook his wife harshly . 
 `` where is deilia ? 
 where ? 
 tell me now ! '' 
 asha 's head flopped back and forth like a ragdoll , and her eyes fluttered . 
 fressa 's chest was rising and falling with a torrent of anger . 
 what had she done ? 
 her eyes finally locked onto his . 
 he pulled back her cloak to see dark purple bruises all over her body . 
 she 'd traveled beyond their boundaries . 
 with deilia . 
 panic struck him in the chest . 
 where was deilia ? 
 he dropped his wife down in the soil . 
 in his fury he gripped her by her cloak . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 his nails penetrated asha 's skin , shaking her head back and forth . 
 `` safe , '' she said through swollen lips . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 fressa let go of asha 's cloak . 
 he slid his leg over shaka , his body shaking with raw fear and hatred . 
 `` find her , shaka . 
 you have to find deilia . '' 
 his pet growled at him and dove deeper into the dredge forest . 
 every moment lost , fressa could feel his daughter 's life slipping away from him . 
 asha 's sick notion to free his child from the curse was like a blade twisting in his gut . 
 what would he do with asha if he found his daughter dead and littered with el ' yi 's curse ? 
 he moaned inwardly and urged shaka quicker through the dark underbrush . 
 the animal suddenly reared back like he 'd been burnt with fire . 
 fressa patted his side . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said . 
 shaka shook his head back and forth as if disagreeing . 
 `` where 's deilia , shaka ? 
 we have to keep moving ! '' 
 fressa bit his nails into the animal 's side . 
 `` move on ! '' 
 fressa sang a sharp song to his pet . 
 the dellian obediently began to move forward into the dense trees . 
 fressa had never had to use the obedience song on shaka before . 
 it disturbed him , but he had to find his infant daughter . 
 shaka lifted his head and headed toward the territory where the deities roamed freely . 
 why would asha bring their daughter where a deity could harm her ? 
 his anger boiled at his wife . 
 shaka was never wrong , so he urged his pet into the deities ' land and immediately felt the curse boring down on him . 
 pain split his body like someone had stuck him in a boiling pot . 
 he gasped as shaka came to rest several feet into the territory ; his snorts restless . 
 his claws scraped the ground with indignation . 
 `` stay there . '' 
 fressa cautiously made his way toward the groove of twisted , ancient trees . 
 he did n't hear anything , which brought a greater fear than if he 'd heard deilia screaming . 
 perhaps she was already dead . 
 a fresh wave of hot pain swept his skin , and he briefly noticed the dark purple bruises that were spreading . 
 suddenly , his eyes caught sight of a glowing , translucent figure with flaming red hair . 
 she was hovering over something that seemed to be tucked into the nook of a tree . 
 fressa scrambled toward the sight . 
 he got within a few feet of the deity . 
 the deity suddenly looked up at him with an intense stare . 
 her glowing orb-like-eyes swept over him . 
 she reached down toward the tree and touched something . 
 a whimper reverberated , making fressa 's heart stop . 
 did he just witness his baby 's death ? 
 devastation hit him full force . 
 the deity woman dematerialized like a vapor ; her red hair snuffed out like a candle in the wind . 
 he came to the nook of the tree . 
 he heard sniffling and peered down at a small flailing bundle . 
 deilia . 
 he reached down with an aching gasp and pulled the child to his chest . 
 she immediately tried to suckle him , which brought a smile to his face . 
 `` oh , thank el ' yi ! '' 
 he was all too aware of el ' yi 's curse upon him ; the pain was spreading rapidly . 
 he ran toward shaka , the precious cargo held tightly against him and climbed upon his pet 's back . 
 `` home . '' 
 *** `` it has to be done ! '' 
 fressa slammed his fist down on a table , shaking the wooden bowls that rested on it . 
 elder glon sighed heavily . 
 `` this is a weighty matter , fressa . 
 are you sure you are willing to make this decision ? '' 
 `` she took her to the deities ' territory . 
 what else can i do ? 
 what if she does it again ? 
 el ' yi spared my daughter , but will he be so willing to spare her once more ? 
 it nearly killed me , elder . 
 asha is mad . 
 it must be done . '' 
 `` it has been a long time since we 've sacrificed our own blood . '' 
 glon drew out each word . 
 `` no one has ever thrown their child to the deities like this before . 
 we need to think this through for some time . '' 
 `` what if she steals deilia again ? 
 will you still be thinking things through , elder ? '' 
 fressa 's face splotched with heat . 
 `` you are willing to kill asha for the sake of your child ? '' 
 glon asked again for the third time . 
 fressa had dragged his wife back home and had fiercely punished her . 
 `` i am not willing for that woman to bring death upon my heir . 
 she is maddened in her mind . 
 perhaps we should leave her in el ' yi 's arms . 
 let her die on his cursed ground . '' 
 fressa shook with passion and turned his face away from the elder . 
 `` it is your ultimate decision , fressa . 
 are you willing to raise your child upon this action ? '' 
 fressa was still recovering from the deep wounds he 'd received from stepping outside the vullen border . 
 `` she must be put to death . '' 
 fressa stood abruptly to his feet and stormed out of the elder 's home . 
 deilia wailed unceasingly as fressa came home and slammed the door behind him . 
 asha was sitting in the corner staring at nothing in particular ; her cloak had slipped off and laid like a used rag on the ground . 
 her golden skin was gleaming with sweat ; her dark blue hair spilled half way down her back . 
 bruises ran down the length of her arms and legs . 
 some were afflicted by the curse and others by fressa . 
 at one time , he would have given anything to see his wife the way she portrayed herself to him this moment . 
 now , it just made him sick to look at her . 
 he came over to the cradle and picked up the infant girl . 
 fressa held deilia to his chest and soothed her cries with a soft song in her ear . 
 `` i will care for her , fressa . 
 i will take her . '' 
 asha rose to her feet . 
 he glared at her . 
 `` you are not touching her , '' fressa said , side stepping her . 
 deilia made a sucking sound with her tiny lips , and fressa knew he would have to get a wet nurse if the child was going to live . 
 `` please , fressa . 
 i wo n't hurt our baby . '' 
 `` you tried to kill her , asha . 
 you put her in the hands of the deities ! '' 
 fressa 's hand slapped harshly against asha 's cheek . 
 she put a hand to her face , her eyes growing dark . 
 `` i want to give her a better life than this ! 
 this is a cage ! 
 i want her to be free to not live in fear of el ' yi and his curse . 
 i want her to walk free of the death lust . '' 
 `` the pleasure of death is something we enjoy , asha . 
 you ca n't steal that away from our daughter . '' 
 fressa peered into deilia 's tiny face . 
 her eyes were wide with innocence . 
 she puckered her lips at him and grabbed at his cloak . 
 she was so small . 
 why would asha want to hurt her ? 
 he thought of the red-haired deity and grimaced . 
 `` the danger you put our daughter in , is what is forcing my hand . '' 
 fressa tucked deilia against his chest and stared into his wife 's eyes . 
 `` your death is being planned . '' 
 *** fressa could n't pull his eyes away as asha was forced to go beyond the safe borders of the vullen territory to where the deities walked . 
 her pain was evident as she crumpled to her knees and begged for forgiveness . 
 she tried to persuade him to let her cross back over the border to raise their daughter . 
 the splotches from the curse swept her body until she was covered in them . 
 fressa 's lips curled in a sick , satisfied smile . 
 he and his village watched her torture . 
 the lust of watching his own wife 's death made him consider something she said . 
 maybe they were trapped by the consumption of death . 
 he still enjoyed it as asha writhed on the ground in her final moments of life . 
 `` she wo n't enjoy it , fressa . 
 i 've seen to that , '' asha wailed , her nails scraping the ground in an attempt to cross over . 
 she was forced back . 
 her eyes filled with fear as coldness gripped her soul and the final breath left her lips . 
 chapter 4 deilia dredge forest 6 years later the dew wet deilia 's face as she walked through the dredge forest . 
 she heard a crack and looked down to see a scorched branch . 
 she picked it up with her long nails and stared at it for a moment with interest . 
 her dark purple hair hung wild around her shoulders ; her iridescent eyes took in every detail of the simple branch . 
 `` what have you found , deilia ? '' 
 arose a voice from behind her . 
 a shimmery being floated ; her translucent form flitted from tree to tree . 
 the woman 's red hair drifted around her , and her pale skin was dotted with green specks . 
 her elegant body twisted around a branch . 
 `` a stick . '' 
 deilia turned the scorched branch over in her hand . 
 her head tipped to one side . 
 the trees around them shrieked like a child ; the other deities wanting to get close to deilia . 
 the red-haired apparition shooed them away with annoyance . 
 `` so needy , '' she chastised them . 
 her long legs kicked in the air , and she floated down to rest several feet in front of deilia . 
 she opened her mouth , and a sweet melody began to drift through the air . 
 deilia watched in awe as wind sprites danced around shuro . 
 their tiny fingers twisted in the locks of the deity 's glorious hair . 
 the wind sprites flowing and ever changing colorful hair seemed to mold together with the woman on the wind . 
 `` how do you sing with them ? 
 i want to learn , '' deilia said eagerly . 
 her small hands rose toward the wind sprites . 
 `` you must not touch them right now , deilia . 
 they will only inflict you . 
 you must first finish learning the healing song , and then i shall teach you the song of the wind . '' 
 shuro walked upward on the air . 
 the wind sprites followed her into the depths of the tallest trees . 
 they released her locks and flew into the darkness of the branches . 
 shuro twisted several times in the air and landed in front of deilia with little effort . 
 `` you need to return home now . 
 your father is looking for you . '' 
 shuro placed a gentle kiss on the young vullen girl 's forehead . 
 a small mark glowed for a mere moment before molding into deilia 's skin . 
 deilia carefully tucked the branch inside a pouch at her side and glided over the forest floor easily . 
 `` good day , shuro , '' deilia said over her shoulder to the deity . 
 she raced back to her village . 
 fressa `` i swear i ca n't keep that girl in my grasp . '' 
 fressa dug his fingers into a morsel of meat while seated at elder glon 's table . 
 the house was maddened with ancient artifacts as old as jade . 
 fressa tried not to look at el ' yi 's curse that had been engraved in a stone . 
 why elder glon had kept it in his own home fressa could n't understand . 
 to be constantly reminded of their imprisonment would drive him mad . 
 drying mushrooms were littered along roughly hewn wooden shelves . 
 branches of a rare , white glossmer tree were carved into hooks for the elder to hang his several cloaks on . 
 fressa had n't made himself a new cloak since the day he 'd put asha to death . 
 he needed the reminder to keep himself from straying with his daughter . 
 she was so flighty . 
 he feared she had the same touched mind as her mother . 
 `` she 's a child , fressa . 
 let her run . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm worried about . 
 she was barely a month old , elder glon , when her mother dropped her off in the middle of the deities ' territory . 
 or do n't you remember ? '' 
 the elder was silent . 
 he remembered the death of asha well . 
 it still disturbed him . 
 he lifted a mug of hot tea to his lips , the steam dancing through the air . 
 `` perhaps the red-haired deity inflicted her with a wandering mind , '' fressa said , holding up a dripping mushroom with disgust . 
 `` i remember it just fine . 
 the babe was only gone for a few hours . 
 she was n't harmed . 
 though i dare say you inflicted quite the judgment on her mother . '' 
 `` you all enjoyed her untimely death , did you not ? '' 
 fressa said . 
 `` deilia is still young . 
 she will learn to love death as we all do . 
 maybe you should give her a bit more freedom . '' 
 elder glon had seen the fear that deilia had for her father . 
 perhaps that fear was what was driving the child to stray . 
 `` she has enough freedom as it is , '' fressa said fiercely . 
 deilia deilia slipped inside her house holding her pouch against her chest as if holding a treasure . 
 she looked to make sure no one else was around and then slipped out the scorched branch , a chipped stone , and a withered golden flower . 
 she stared at them one at a time , her small hands delicately touching them . 
 she closed her eyes and her mouth opened . 
 an eerily beautiful melody began to drift from her lips . 
 she touched the branch with her fingers as the song filled the atmosphere of the dimly lit room . 
 the branch began to slowly shift color . 
 first it was black , then dark brown , then a lighter shade of brown , until peeks of green shown through . 
 she smiled with satisfaction and touched the stone , a new song forming on her lips . 
 it was a sadder tune with a wild melody that twisted and turned in a strange dance . 
 the rock began to shift colors as well . 
 a blue orb formed around the chip until the rock was completely made whole again . 
 she squealed in delight and clasped her hands together . 
 `` deilia ? '' 
 a harsh tone made her jump . 
 she shoved the contents back in her pouch and went to her door . 
 `` yes , father ? '' 
 `` where have you been , it 's already high noon . '' 
 she opened the door and stared up at her dark-haired father . 
 `` in the forest . '' 
 she brushed her toe against the mossy floor . 
 she hoped he would n't be mad . 
 `` why are you wandering alone in the forest ? 
 it 's not safe for you there without me . '' 
 he stepped into her room and looked around . 
 `` i heard singing . 
 were you practicing your songs ? '' 
 he eyed her suspiciously . 
 he 'd been trying to teach her the death song for months now , but she never fully grasped the melody . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she looked down at her feet . 
 fressa could sense she was hiding something but left it at that . 
 at least she was singing something . 
 he turned and left the room , his cloak fluttering behind him . 
 deilia watched the other vullen children with little interest in their play . 
 their voices carried melodic tunes that pierced the afternoon . 
 `` deilia , come on ! 
 we 've found a worge to sing to ! '' 
 said a small boy with glistening blond hair . 
 deilia 's eyes narrowed in irritation . 
 why would they sing death to a child who 'd barely begun life ? 
 worges were dolt creatures , who tended to stray into vullen territory from time to time . 
 `` come on , deilia , we wo n't kill it . 
 just tease it with death ! '' 
 the boy pulled something out of his cloak and landed it before the group of children . 
 a gray skinned creature , with furry ears , a skinny tail , and a short snout lay sprawled on the ground shivering in fear . 
 it was very , very young . 
 deilia could sense his terror at the sight of the cloaked children . 
 his tiny hind feet extended and claws suddenly appeared . 
 his snout grew slightly and sharp fangs appeared in his mouth . 
 the worge had some fight in him . 
 he jumped onto his feet and hissed at them . 
 deilia watched with little interest . 
 this type of thing happened every so often . 
 it had been awhile since she 'd seen a worge come into their domain . 
 almost every living thing kept out of the vullen territory . 
 the vullen children all laughed as the worge tried to jump at them with swipes of his claws . 
 dren , the boy who had hidden the child in his cloak , let the little worge advance toward him . 
 `` come and get me ! '' 
 he taunted with a cruel smile on his lips . 
 the child worge slashed and jumped at dren . 
 dren dodged to the side , letting the little worge have his chance of fighting him off . 
 after several minutes , deilia could tell dren got tired of the game . 
 he nodded to several of the other vullen children who opened their mouths in a dark toned song . 
 deilia recoiled . 
 she always hated this part . 
 the worge squealed , and instantly fell to the ground . 
 he writhed in anguish ; his hands wildly thrashing . 
 dren chuckled under his breath . 
 the song built louder . 
 one of deilia 's friends pulled her forward . 
 `` come on , deilia , join our song . 
 it 's easy . '' 
 the girl began to sing again , and deilia let the tune form in her throat . 
 the worge 's eyes fluttered , and his body convulsed wildly . 
 she thought they were n't going to let the little worge die . 
 she stopped singing at once . 
 her heart flipped as his claws retracted . 
 his snout shortened once again , and his tongue lolled out of the side of his mouth . 
 she could faintly hear his heart growing weaker . 
 she approached dren with an angry scowl . 
 `` you said he was n't going to die ! '' 
 she said , as the song grew louder and more intense . 
 dren turned toward her and with a final note ended the song . 
 `` i lied . '' 
 he chuckled darkly . 
 he turned his face back toward the worge as the creature drew his last breath . 
 deilia stared at the body , feeling small and insignificant amongst her friends . 
 how come she did n't enjoy death as everyone else did ? 
 was there something wrong with her ? 
 *** `` i heard about the death today . 
 did you take part in it , deilia ? '' 
 fressa asked as he scooped stew into a bowl for himself and his daughter . 
 `` yes , '' deilia said quietly , fidgeting at the table . 
 she hid her face from him . 
 `` remove your hood , i wish to see you . '' 
 deilia slid her fingers under her cloak and pulled it back . 
 her wild purple hair hung partway down her back and touched her round face . 
 `` did you join the death song ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i did not sing it , '' she said bravely . 
 fressa saw that she wanted to hide her face from him . 
 perhaps glon was right . 
 did he demand too much of the child ? 
 she was barely weaned . 
 he saw the fear written on her expression . 
 he did n't respond back just scooped the stew into his mouth , his thoughts wild . 
 maybe his child was not a pure blooded vullen . 
 her mother had been odd as well . 
 chapter 5 king lowen neuge city icer domain cold , hard laughter rang throughout the stark white castle walls . 
 ice sculptures with cruel faces stared with blank expressions at a zare woman . 
 she toted a young boy behind her . 
 tremors started to roll through her body as the cool wind blew through the castle , which had been converted into a trading center . 
 it rested on the line between icer domain and zare territory . 
 it was not cold enough to kill her but enough to make her tremble so hard she feared death . 
 her young son whined beside her , unaware of what she 'd been planning since his father had abandoned him with her . 
 she 'd been in debt since the boy was born . 
 she had not wanted a son -- she had n't wanted any children . 
 icer guards with cruel , narrow eyes , sharp noses , peaked ears , and icy white skin watched her go by without expression . 
 they were clothed in simple black suits and a silver belt encrusted with a black stone . 
 she supposed these guards saw thousands of zares go through these halls . 
 she came upon a black wooden door , frightening creatures she 'd never seen before were engraved in the smooth , glossy wood . 
 her son gasped in terror as she clutched his hand harder , the guards shoving the door open for her . 
 a figure sat on a silver throne , strumming his long , icy fingers . 
 the woman zare approached him with a bow of her head . 
 her white hair was streaked with blue ; her blue-golden eyes stared up at him with a pleading look . 
 she wore a pale pink dress that touched the marble floor . 
 `` king lowen , i have come to barter with you , '' she said . 
 a sculpture was carved above the throne of a horrifying beast , causing her to look away . 
 `` i 'm listening . 
 continue , '' his deep voice rumbled . 
 `` my husband has overwhelmed our household with debt . 
 we do n't have the means to care for our son , let alone ourselves . '' 
 she saw his eyes flicker to the young boy then back to her tanned face . 
 `` please , take my son , so that i may pay off my great debt . 
 he shall do anything you desire . '' 
 she bowed low to the ground . 
 king lowen 's thin lips curled into a malicious smile . 
 his black hair was neatly combed back , a perfectly groomed goatee graced his chin , and a golden ring glinted on his icy white finger . 
 he enjoyed this part . 
 the groveling . 
 his father 's words still rang in his mind even after all these years , ` zares deserve the life of a slave . 
 remember what they did to our people , son . 
 make them grovel . 
 make them beg for their pathetic life . ' 
 unfortunately , he did n't have all of the zares as slaves . 
 only the ones who found themselves steeped in debt . 
 he bought their sons , daughters , mothers and fathers . 
 he bought them , and then mutilated them into mindless drones that no longer resembled the warm blooded race . 
 his eyes flickered to the left corner where a zare slave was sweeping . 
 her eyes were a milky white , and her once white and colored hair a dull brown . 
 the woman before him had stopped talking . 
 he brought his attention back to her desperate face . 
 `` i will take your son , '' he said the words like a hammer . 
 `` thank you , thank you , for helping me with my debt . '' 
 the young boy with white and purple streaked hair was brought forth ; his purple-golden eyes wide with fear . 
 the woman was crying as she kissed her son goodbye . 
 she walked out of the castle , a bag of jingling coin in her hand . 
 `` mad ' ra ! '' 
 the boy 's voice broke with betrayal . 
 nahor `` you promised ! '' 
 a whiney girly voice said . 
 her lip jutted out in a pout . 
 the brown-haired girl eyed an icer young man with a piteous look on her pale face . 
 nahor chuckled under his breath . 
 his black hair was spiked messily down the center of his head giving him a carefree appearance , despite his sharp features . 
 to see this girl pout was priceless . 
 thank el ' yi he was leaving for school soon . 
 he would n't have to deal with this relationship anymore . 
 he wore an open necked , dark green shirt , with gold stitching , and black trousers . 
 `` i promised nothing , natli , '' he teased her . 
 he blew his cool breath on her and nuzzled her neck . 
 `` you promised me that you were n't going back to that awful school again . 
 i want you here with me . '' 
 she swiped her chestnut colored hair off her shoulders and blinked her aqua blue eyes at him . 
 she came and rested her hand on his shoulder . 
 `` i 'll make it worth it , prince , '' she said . 
 the dark blue folds of her dress slipped down her pale shoulder . 
 women , he thought . 
 nahor was ready to get out of this iced over prison . 
 his father had dried up his current funds , calling what he did , lush living . 
 he was a prince for el ' yi 's sake . 
 could n't he at least have fun ? 
 he walked away from the clingy girl and pressed his finger to the windowpane . 
 the snow swirled outside in a flurry . 
 if he concentrated hard enough he could make out the center of neuge city . 
 the city was as old as jade itself . 
 nahor remembered asking his father how the glistening , silver buildings , with their majestic pinnacles had gotten there . 
 most of the answers his father gave him were long and drawn out , so he lost interest halfway through . 
 the sooner he got out of here the better . 
 `` nahor ! '' 
 his baby sister stelane bounded in with a big smile on her round face . 
 she was still a child in many ways but boasted womanhood at thirteen . 
 her dark brown curls hung down just past her shoulders , and her amethyst colored eyes glinted with amusement . 
 `` watch this , brother ! '' 
 she held a golden feathered bird , with a beak over a foot long , and splashes of aqua blue accenting his entire body . 
 the green legs of the bird were awkwardly sprawled out in stelane 's arms . 
 `` i trained him , '' she said , with an air of confidence in her little pet . 
 nahor inclined his head toward her , amused by her excitement . 
 natli crossed her arms and scowled at the interruption . 
 nahor ravished in it . 
 `` i 'm watching , cheeks , '' he called her by her childhood nickname . 
 she glared at him . 
 she hated that name . 
 he chuckled as she turned her attention back to the golden gracor bird . 
 `` glimmer , retrieve ! '' 
 she lifted her arm . 
 the bird flew into the air , his magnificent wingspan stretching out several feet . 
 glimmer turned toward a far desk , where a package sat neatly wrapped . 
 his wings made a whoosh noise as he swooped in . 
 he grabbed the parcel by the tightly tied string and flew back across the room . 
 the gracor landed the package in stelane 's hands and settled back on her shoulder with a purring sound . 
 nahor 's eyes went wide . 
 he 'd never seen that bird do a thing except poop in his cage . 
 `` is n't he amazing ? '' 
 stelane practically shouted , jumping off the ground and startling glimmer back into the air . 
 he circled above their heads with an anxious purring noise . 
 `` that was truly remarkable , stelane . '' 
 he kissed the top of her wild curls , and she beamed with pride . 
 it did n't take much to make his baby sister happy . 
 natli suddenly walked over to him and grabbed him by the elbow . 
 `` we were trying to have a conversation , princess . 
 excuse us ! '' 
 she huffed and dragged nahor toward the door . 
 stelane put a hand over her mouth , stifling a giggle . 
 her brother made a funny mocking face at her as he was dragged away . 
 king lowen queen gal ' adryl lifted a ragdoll up into the air examining it with a critical eye . 
 `` you need your hair brushed properly now . '' 
 she picked up a small brush meant for a child and began to run the bristles down the doll 's golden hair . 
 she brushed it until the doll 's hair broke off in the brush . 
 it hung like noodles in stringy strands . 
 `` you need a bath . 
 you ca n't go to the market like that ! '' 
 she carried the doll through the castle , her eyes sparkling . 
 she approached a silver fountain glittering in the midst of the entryway . 
 she proceeded to dunk the doll until it was completely saturated with the bubbling water . 
 `` there , now you 're perfect . 
 let 's get you to bed , baby . '' 
 she happily made her way back down the hall , humming a childhood song . 
 her willowy body swayed , and her bare feet padded almost soundlessly . 
 a flower patterned skirt rested crooked on her hips and a backward , mismatched , magenta shirt hugged her torso . 
 `` my lady ! 
 you 're soaking wet ! '' 
 a young girl , with fiery red hair , exclaimed . 
 she was one of the few icer hired servants . 
 she took the doll away from the queen 's hand . 
 `` no ! 
 my baby is n't ready to go to bed ! '' 
 gal ' adryl said with an angry shake of her blonde tresses . 
 `` we are n't going to bed . 
 we are just going to go change into dry clothes . 
 alright ? '' 
 the young woman said in a gentle voice . 
 `` alright , beclyn . '' 
 gal ' adryl held her arms out to the wet doll . 
 beclyn hesitantly gave it back to her . 
 king lowen watched his wife with a grieving heart . 
 she was slipping today . 
 her hair was matted like it had n't been brushed in a few days , and her clothes were all mismatched like a little child . 
 his lovely gal ' adryl . 
 she was the light of his world . 
 when he 'd met her as a young boy , he 'd instantly fallen in love with the blonde-haired girl . 
 she was funny , lighthearted , and laughed at life . 
 he 'd always known that he could lean on her and trust her with his darkest secrets . 
 a few years ago , she began to come down with the croo disease . 
 it had started slowly at first , and then over time she had grown worse . 
 some days she was lucid , and she 'd let him treat her as a man should treat his wife . 
 `` follow my wife and beclyn . 
 make sure gal ' adryl does n't hurt herself , '' he said to a guard nearby . 
 the guard instantly followed the trail of the dripping doll . 
 king lowen sighed to himself , turning to find out where his children were . 
 *** king lowen was in a mood . 
 after he 'd had three slaves attempt to brush gal ' adryl 's hair , he 'd given up . 
 she had ended up crying in the corner and clutching the wet doll to her breast . 
 he stomped toward his study , his dark eyes flashing hotly at anything that moved . 
 his guards tended to make a wide berth whenever he got this way . 
 he wrenched open his study door and crossed the threshold with a sneer . 
 where could he find a cure ? 
 there had to be something . 
 anything ! 
 he racked his mind for an answer . 
 he 'd searched the ancient books and scrolls of his father 's and nothing was helping . 
 nothing ! 
 he 'd given up on the deities ' help ages ago , so he knew praying would do him no good . 
 he put his hands on his desk , leaned forward , and breathed heavily through his nose . 
 what would stop this insanity from spreading in gal ' adryl 's mind ? 
 he clenched his fists , slammed them on the desk , and sent his scrolls flying through the air . 
 he marched over to a dark wooden door on the opposite side of the room that was locked . 
 he pulled out a key that was tucked against his chest and inserted it roughly . 
 king lowen flung open the door and stared into a pitch black room . 
 a few moments went by , and his eyes adjusted . 
 dust was gathered overtop of ancient sculptures of cruel-looking icers , paintings of the early times , dented armor , and debris of his father 's he 'd left unsorted . 
 after his father 's death , he had locked this place up to be buried in the back of his mind . 
 he remembered coming in here as a child and being forbidden to touch anything . 
 several scrolls lay like wilted flowers on a gouged desk . 
 he remembered that desk . 
 with a man 's head , his father had made that dent . 
 his father 's words haunted his subconscious as he stared at an ebony trunk sitting against the wall , half covered by an old , rotting cloak . 
 ` you must never open that trunk , lowen , unless it is of the greatest importance . ' 
 his father 's words remained in his mind . 
 he brushed his fingertips along the engraving that ran around the edges of the forbidden wooden box . 
 he was n't even sure if anyone could read this dead language anymore . 
 he broke open the lock with one kick of his boot . 
 gal ' adryl was of the greatest importance . 
 with a fierce look , he opened the trunk and peered inside . 
 chapter 6 nahor `` you will have to do better than that , nahor ! '' 
 stelane giggled , dodging her brother 's hands . 
 `` listen , cheeks . 
 it 's my turn to play the die . '' 
 `` no ! 
 you cheat ! '' 
 stelane laughed and continued dancing around the room with the dice . 
 nahor laughed and reached for her again , brushing his fingers against her dress . 
 she darted behind a silver statue in the shape of some awful-looking relative . 
 she faked going to the right and then went to the left where his arms caught her with an oomph . 
 she squirmed away from him with loud giggles . 
 she tried to keep his hands from reaching the dice that was still clutched in her grasp . 
 `` give it here , cheeks ! '' 
 he finally got his fingers in hers and grabbed the dice . 
 `` victory ! '' 
 he danced around , holding the dice up like a warrior with a trophy . 
 `` nahor ! 
 come on ! '' 
 she tried to be enforcing , but a smile was playing on her lips . 
 he grabbed her and tickled her until they were both breathless . 
 `` do you really have to leave ? '' 
 she grew serious in an instant and snuggled up against him . 
 `` i wish i could take you with me , stelane . '' 
 he kissed her head , walked back over to the table , and waved at her to finish their game . 
 king lowen smoke twisted from several silver chalices like a hieth , dancing through the air as king lowen entered a house . 
 a bed made out of the skins of something unbeknownst to king lowen , lay in one corner of the elderly icer 's house . 
 the floor was littered with scraps of information scrawled from klour 's mind . 
 the windows were boarded shut , and no light seeped into the smoky room . 
 `` come in ... '' said a croaky voice . 
 king lowen carefully avoided an old carcass of an elken . 
 the branch-like horns were sawed off and made into a medicine of some kind . 
 he had n't been to see klour since he 'd wanted a cure for his aching bones a year ago . 
 glowing icen pixies banged against their cage , their tiny teeth gnashing at him . 
 what the old man made from the venomous creatures was beyond him , but his cures worked wonders on everyone in neuge city . 
 `` i will pour us some wine . '' 
 klour hobbled over to his counter and started pouring two glasses . 
 `` i was very surprised to hear from you , your majesty . 
 i have not seen you in quite some time . '' 
 the old man hobbled back over to his table and motioned for king lowen to sit . 
 klour 's face was so wrinkled that his eyes seemed to disappear in the folds of his skin . 
 his teeth were all gone , except two , which wobbled when he talked . 
 `` sire , it is an honor . '' 
 he set the beverages down . 
 `` i need you to look at something for me . '' 
 king lowen reached into a pouch and pulled something out . 
 `` can you decipher this , klour ? '' 
 king lowen slid an artifact toward the old man . 
 klour seemed to freeze as he studied the curves and dents of the old piece of stone . 
 `` it is from before my father 's time , i can see that . '' 
 he examined it closer . 
 `` it is a vision-stone , my king . '' 
 `` a vision-stone ? '' 
 king lowen raised the wine to his lips and drank . 
 `` why have you retrieved this ? '' 
 klour ran a trembling finger over each line that formed the stone 's shape . 
 `` it 's lost some of its authenticity now , but i have enough sense to know a wolfinic made this . '' 
 `` the myths ? '' 
 `` this was the fate of our people carved in a deannicle stone . 
 this is a dying icer . 
 this stone brought the destruction of our race to pass . 
 once a wolfinic bites a deannicle stone after having a vision , the fate is sealed . '' 
 klour set the stone back down on the table and glared at it like it was a bad omen . 
 `` i was hoping for answers , '' king lowen said . 
 `` this is our past . 
 what hope is there in that ? '' 
 klour stirred his wine , his eyes shifting deep in thought . 
 `` how do i cure my wife ? '' 
 the question hung in the air like a thick fog . 
 the old man shifted uncomfortably . 
 he 'd heard this question many times from the icer king . 
 he did n't think the king would like his answer , so he brooded silently . 
 `` tell me , klour . '' 
 king lowen picked the stone up and held it in his hand . 
 `` is this the key ? 
 a vision-stone ? '' 
 `` you are not going to like what i have to say . '' 
 klour wished the king had only come for more medicine for his joints . 
 `` i want gal ' adryl cured . 
 she wet the bed last night , like an infant , klour . 
 she is growing worse . 
 tell me ! 
 what do i do to cure my wife ? '' 
 `` you have to find a wolfinic . 
 some of our legends say that a wolfinic 's bite can cure any disease . 
 if that does n't work , then maybe they can create a vision-stone and seal her fate for a cure . '' 
 klour 's hand trembled as he picked up a scroll sitting beside him . 
 `` it 's impossible . '' 
 `` not if you find a vullen . '' 
 klour stood abruptly to his feet . 
 `` the cloaked race can stand outside a wolfinic 's visions , so you can get close enough to retrieve one . '' 
 `` that 's insanity , '' said king lowen . 
 `` i do n't even know if a wolfinic 's bite can cure gal ' adryl . 
 that is just what some of jade 's ancient scrolls have engraved upon them . 
 it is a fool 's hope . '' 
 `` i do n't care . '' 
 lowen stood to his feet . 
 `` thank you , klour . 
 you shall be rewarded . '' 
 he dug into his pouch at his side and placed a bag of coin on the table . 
 `` if a wolfinic is the only way , then i will get one . '' 
 the dark-haired king turned and walked out of the house . 
 `` death awaits you , king lowen , '' muttered the elder as he scooped the bag of coin up and hid it from prying eyes . 
 deilia dredge forest the forest was quiet as deilia stealthily made her way toward her usual spot where she played . 
 lately , she 'd overheard gossip about her . 
 no one knew she could hear them , but she 'd catch a word here and there . 
 they said she was odd and would whisper her mother 's name , whom she did n't remember . 
 her father had told her that her mother had died when she was an infant . 
 deilia counted on her fingers how old she was . 
 she was six . 
 she slipped off her cloak and hung it on a jutting branch that looked like a claw . 
 with herself revealed , a shimmery deity appeared before her . 
 `` good afternoon , deilia . 
 shall we practice some more of your singing ? '' 
 her wispy feminine voice said . 
 deilia bent down in the dirt and picked up a rock . 
 `` i did it , shuro . 
 i recovered the scorched branch and chipped rock . 
 i did n't get to the flower because my father came home . '' 
 `` good ! 
 good , '' shuro said . 
 she dipped down and landed in front of the child vullen . 
 `` these songs have been forgotten by your people . '' 
 shuro danced between the trees , her red hair waving like a banner . 
 she twisted like the wind and touched deilia 's cheek as she flew by . 
 `` they enjoy the death song a lot . 
 they are trying to make me learn it . 
 everyone talks about me . 
 they say i 'm odd and that i 'm like my mother . '' 
 deilia turned the rock over in her hand and then set it down . 
 `` do you know what happened to her , shuro ? '' 
 the translucent being darted sharply from tree to tree , never staying still . 
 `` it happened the day she hid you in the crook of my tree . '' 
 she came to rest in front of deilia . 
 `` she was taken . 
 i heard her screams that night . 
 i suppose your people watched her die , because she brought you into my forbidden territory . '' 
 a whimper escaped the deity 's lips as diamond tears slid down her cheeks . 
 `` i liked her . '' 
 shuro darted up into the tops of the trees . 
 deilia heard her soft cries . 
 `` shuro ? 
 you do n't really think they killed her do you ? '' 
 deilia picked up a rotting corpse of a scomperoo and stared at it . 
 the deity did n't answer her , so she set the corpse down on a rock . 
 `` i wonder ... '' she lifted her voice with the song shuro had been teaching her since she was tiny . 
 the corpse did n't budge or change colors . 
 `` shuro ? 
 does it work on the dead ? '' 
 `` that song is something i will not teach you this day . 
 you are not ready for that kind of power , child . '' 
 `` alright . '' 
 deilia picked up a chipped rock and slid it into her pouch . 
 `` i will keep practicing on rocks and sticks until i can handle that song . '' 
 she smiled at her teacher , her tiny , pointed teeth flashing . 
 chapter 7 fressa fressa clasped his daughter 's arm tightly as she walked through the door , late that evening . 
 `` where have you been ? 
 we have a death to watch in just a few minutes . '' 
 his eyes furrowed in anger toward his only child . 
 `` i was in the forest , father , '' she said meekly , feeling his hot wrath upon her . 
 `` our people are talking about how strange you are . 
 you act as if you do n't enjoy the death song . 
 every vullen enjoys the death song . '' 
 fressa shook her a little bit and released her arm . 
 deilia shied from him , stepping into the shadowed corner . 
 `` i shall come . '' 
 she slipped into her room , and he heard her rummaging around . 
 she emerged with her pouch gone and her cloak neatly in place . 
 he gripped her hand and led her toward the temple . 
 in just a moment , he would force her to sing the death song , whether she liked it or not . 
 they made their way into the crowded temple . 
 vullens pushed each other to see the death of the creature laying on the table . 
 fressa shouldered his way past them , his daughter in tow behind him . 
 elder glon was standing beside a solid white table with scratch marks buried in it . 
 his arms were crossed , and a deep look was on his face . 
 he watched as fressa crossed the room and deposited deilia right beside the creature strewn on the table . 
 deilia anticipation hung in the air like a fog . 
 vullens shoved at each other , trying to get a better look at what lay awaiting its death . 
 deilia observed that it was another worge child . 
 it must have followed the previous one right into their trap . 
 she saw the fear on the girl worge 's face . 
 her father was still gripping her hand when they stopped right beside the white stone table . 
 she stared up at him in concern . 
 why were they not with the rest of the crowd ? 
 worry dotted her forehead as he finally let go of her hand . 
 `` today , my daughter will have the honor of singing the death song . 
 it is time , '' he said with a flash of his pointed teeth . 
 he raised his hand as the crowd of vullens broke into a cheer . 
 `` sing it , deilia . '' 
 `` i do not know it , father , '' she said , watching the worge squirm in anguish of what was about to come . 
 `` sing it , deilia . '' 
 he bent down to her and stared her in the eye . 
 `` this is our way . 
 you have to learn to love death . 
 that is who we are . '' 
 he stepped back from her and pointed at the worge . 
 `` where 's my brudder ? '' 
 said the girl worge . 
 deilia 's eyes darted to her father , who nodded firmly at her to continue . 
 `` your brudder ? '' 
 deilia asked in confusion . 
 `` kalo . 
 what have you evil monsters done with kalo ? '' 
 the girl whimpered . 
 deilia 's heart flipped strangely . 
 no . 
 she could n't sing this innocent child to her death . 
 what songs did she know that would cause the girl 's life to be spared ? 
 perhaps if she lulled her into a deep sleep and snuck her past her people ? 
 she knew that they would know . 
 the song of death was precise , although sleep was indeed a dark tone as well . 
 she knew the beginning tune to the death song , but she intentionally had n't learned the rest of it , and she knew her father knew that as well . 
 everyone waited for her to begin . 
 she started the melody of the death song quietly . 
 she saw her father 's eyes light up with pride . 
 it began to make the worge squeal in pain . 
 she closed her eyes , trying to remember the way the song twisted and turned . 
 no . 
 she did n't want to sing this song ! 
 the tune was coming to her faster . 
 it was as if instinct had taken over her voice . 
 she heard the worge screaming in pain now . 
 she peeked an eye open and saw her people glorying in the death of the child . 
 she winced , and the song abruptly ceased . 
 the girl worge lay dead . 
 her eyes stared blankly at the sky . 
 she 'd just killed someone with the death song . 
 a strange thrill filled her . 
 she jumped back as if bitten . 
 no ! 
 she did n't want to like death ! 
 had n't she fought off the urge ? 
 anger at her father rose up , and she turned her heated gaze on him . 
 he was beaming at her . 
 the vullens turned and walked away from the temple . 
 he gripped her hand once more and led her back home . 
 `` i 'm proud of you , deilia . '' 
 *** deilia buried her face in her pillow , soft furs thrown over her back . 
 what would shuro say ? 
 she 'd killed that girl , and then had enjoyed the feeling it had given her . 
 was she now a true vullen ? 
 shuro 's song drifted into her mind , the melody soothing to her soul . 
 no , she was different , was n't she ? 
 her mother 's death weighed on her conscience . 
 had her father put her mother to death because of her ? 
 a small ache in her chest spread . 
 would her father turn on her one day if she did n't fall in love with death ? 
 she lifted her head up and rolled out of bed . 
 she had to get away from here . 
 she pulled her cloak off the hook on the wall and slipped it over her body . 
 she pulled her pouch across her shoulder and filled it with necessities . 
 he would understand , would n't he ? 
 would her father come after her ? 
 she pulled her hood up over her hair and slipped out the window . 
 nahor neuge city icer domain the streets of neuge was humming with shouts from vendors , mammois trotting by with carriages , and children whining . 
 icer women weaved between booths , their chatter ringing like gracor birds . 
 a young girl stared at him as nahor made his way out of the carriage . 
 ice slithered through his fingers . 
 he shot little spikes at the ground . 
 he was already bored with this shopping spree . 
 he heard stelane get out behind him ; her feet hitting the ground with a crunch . 
 `` what should we buy , nahor ? 
 father said i could purchase whatever i wanted for tonight ! '' 
 she grinned at him . 
 he smiled back at her excitement . 
 `` i hate balls . '' 
 he made his way through the crowded streets where the merchants were hocking their wares . 
 stelane ran ahead , her brown curls flying in the breeze . 
 if only being completely happy was as easy as that . 
 he smirked . 
 leaving this place would make him happy . 
 he winced slightly at the thought of leaving his baby sister behind . 
 a black shirt with gold thread caught his eye , and he fingered it with interest . 
 `` only a handful of coin for you , prince , '' the merchant purred to him , his fat belly barely covered by his shirt . 
 `` i will give it to you at a fair price . '' 
 nahor let go of the shirt and stepped back . 
 eh . 
 he did n't need it . 
 he saw the disappointment on the merchant 's face . 
 he walked briskly to keep an eye on stelane . 
 three guards were trying to catch up to her as well . 
 she was fast . 
 he spotted her and jogged to join her . 
 `` slow down , stelane . 
 what did you find ? '' 
 she was carefully holding a silver box in her hands . 
 `` do you think mother will like this ? 
 see how it glistens in the sun ? '' 
 she held out the box to him . 
 he took it from her and examined it . 
 he instantly saw several flaws with it . 
 `` this is cheaply made . 
 let 's find you a dress and be done with this . '' 
 her face fell . 
 `` fine . '' 
 she stalked away with a scowl . 
 *** nahor skirted around people with a drink in his hand . 
 an easy smile was on his face as he walked around the ballroom , dressed in his best suit . 
 servants held up trays of delicacies that everyone lavishly ate from , and music drifted around the room . 
 `` nahor ! '' 
 natli called him . 
 he walked over to a group of his friends , his smile stitched on like a doll . 
 `` hi , everyone , '' he said . 
 natli gripped his arm like she owned him . 
 `` tell him he ca n't leave us for the sake of education . 
 please , someone convince the man ! '' 
 natli 's voice came out in a whine . 
 nahor laughed . 
 `` come on , nahor ; do n't leave us all the wine and women ! 
 what will we ever do without you ? '' 
 said kylec , a snarky , red-haired man , his hands interlocking in a pleading gesture . 
 `` we ca n't go on without you ! '' 
 his friend , lorean , dramatically fell to one knee . 
 oh el ' yi , and he hung out with these people ? 
 he laughed again . 
 `` get up , idiot . '' 
 natli could see that they were making fun of her and pulled nahor away from them . 
 `` i need one final dance before that awful school claims you . 
 you 're going to forget all about me and find a new love . '' 
 she stuck out her lip . 
 he would try his hardest to forget all about her . 
 how did he put it nicely to this girl , that she was as annoying as a wind sprite ? 
 in fact , he 'd rather have a wind sprite put him into a comatose state than listen to her whine anymore . 
 `` listen , natli , when i return , '' he started to say . 
 she blinked her eyes at him , wiping tears away from them . 
 women . 
 he turned his head toward his group of friends , who were still making fun of him . 
 they all knew this girl was like a whining doghin he just could n't get rid of . 
 she just needed to be let go . 
 how did he do it without a scene ? 
 he slipped his hand into hers . 
 `` let 's dance . 
 it does n't matter right now . '' 
 after several dances , nahor found his little sister sitting on the sidelines . 
 her fingers were fidgeting with the folds of her dress . 
 `` why are n't you out there dancing in your new dress , cheeks ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 she did n't even react to the baby nickname . 
 `` no one 's asked me . '' 
 `` i 'll fix that . '' 
 nahor walked over to the other side of the room . 
 he spotted several boys he knew personally but avoided them . 
 they would not be dancing with his little sister . 
 `` hey , kid , '' he said to a boy around stelane 's age and fairly decent looking . 
 the young man looked up with expectation . 
 `` go dance with my sister . '' 
 he pointed at stelane who was watching him . 
 the sandy brown-haired boy nodded obediently and started making his way toward stelane . 
 satisfied , nahor walked in the other direction to put something a little stronger in his drink . 
 *** nahor wanted to ram his head in the wall . 
 he was listening to his father drone on and on with the most obtuse speech ever written . 
 he really did n't care if the zare territory was growing or shrinking . 
 he knew his father made him sit in these meetings because he would one day rule the land with an iron fist . 
 he smirked to himself . 
 his father 's cruel ways sure worked wonders on their people . 
 they were hungry , poor , and probably would soon die if their conditions did n't improve . 
 the royal family was secluded in their castle , protected from the dirty citizens who roamed the frozen hills of neuge city . 
 yah , he would have all that to look after , along with marrying el ' yi knew whom . 
 his father seemed to sabotage most of his relationships . 
 they would end abruptly when his father would destroy the girl 's parents ' home . 
 everyone loved a good father-in-law who killed their parents or murdered their brothers . 
 i mean , come on ! 
 he feared he 'd be single forever . 
 he was already past marrying age . 
 his father had married his mother at sixteen . 
 he winced slightly at the thought of her . 
 they were losing her . 
 she was still around in body , but her mind was slipping more each time he was with her . 
 nahor sighed softly . 
 his father wrapped up an exchange with vagabonds that were constantly peddling wares to him . 
 they scrounged up weapons , food , and anything that was worth something and brought it to the king first . 
 the people starved , and his father bought knickknacks . 
 he wanted to just forget this kingdom and move somewhere where the affairs of neuge city did n't touch him anymore . 
 if not for his baby sister he would have left ages ago . 
 he already hated himself for leaving her while he went to school . 
 he hoped she would be alright for the three short months he was gaining more knowledge . 
 his father always insisted he learn from the ancient masters in every art possible . 
 the droning of his father ceased , and he grinned at nahor . 
 he 'd bought something , and nahor had n't been paying attention in the least bit . 
 `` what do you think of her , son ? '' 
 king lowen asked with a raised eyebrow , rubbing his trimmed beard . 
 he noticed his son 's slightly distant expression . 
 he motioned with his head toward the dingy merchants , who were unloading something . 
 they slipped a crate off their cart and opened it quickly before the king . 
 his father had bought something he had n't even looked at ? 
 he found it odd and thrilling all at once . 
 nahor watched as they unveiled a cage with glinting diamond bars . 
 inside , a creature was curled up , laying on her side . 
 `` what is that , father ? '' 
 `` it 's a baby vullen . '' 
 `` a vullen ? 
 did n't you tell me that was the nonsense of old women ? 
 you 've been deceived into buying something else . '' 
 nahor stared at the small figure curled up shivering . 
 her skin was golden and shimmered like a thousand diamonds . 
 a tangled mass of purple hair lay strewn around her petite body . 
 he 'd never seen the creatures in the flesh . 
 `` where did she come from ? '' 
 nahor asked , eyeing the merchants warily . 
 did they really want this trouble in their home ? 
 a baby vullen meant that a mama vullen somewhere was missing her child . 
 there was n't much knowledge about the hidden race , except that death followed them . 
 `` what does it matter ? 
 she is here now , and she will help cure your mother , '' his voice rang with hope . 
 he waved the merchants away and motioned toward his guards . 
 `` put the child vullen in the south dungeon and feed her something . 
 have a slave fetch her one of stelane 's dresses to wear . '' 
 king lowen 's eyes flickered to a slave and then to the guards . 
 the zare hurried away , and in a few moments returned with a blue dress draped over her arm . 
 she cautiously stood before the diamond cage . 
 one of the guards lifted the latch and let her inside . 
 the slave talked soothingly to the little creature saying something that nahor could n't hear . 
 the vullen ventured out of the corner . 
 the slave started slipping the dress over the small girl 's head . 
 suddenly , the vullen began to thrash wildly , shrieking with a sing-song voice , `` no ! 
 no ! 
 that 's not mine ! '' 
 the slave backed out of the cage with quick steps . 
 the guards picked up the cage , nestled it between them , and headed out of the room . 
 as soon as they went toward the door , the child began a high-pitched song . 
 the guards dropped the cage , covered their heads , and wailed in pain . 
 king lowen fell to his knees , his hands covering his ears . 
 `` make her cease ! '' 
 like a disease crawling through his veins , nahor felt pain reverberate over his skin . 
 it felt as if she was boiling his blood . 
 suddenly , as soon as it started , it ceased . 
 nahor lifted up his head to see the young vullen staring straight at him . 
 her crystal clear eyes were filled with a strange emotion . 
 guilt . 
 the guards resumed carrying her out of the throne room . 
 stelane stelane stroked the soft feathers of her pet gracor bird glimmer , cooing to him . 
 `` such a pretty boy ... yes , you are , '' she said . 
 her lips puckered as if she was talking to an infant . 
 she felt a pang of loneliness . 
 her big brother and best friend was leaving in just a few short weeks . 
 she had been begging her father for months straight to let her have a gathering -- so that she could find a boy to marry . 
 his answer was always the same , ` no . 
 she was still a child . ' 
 her eyes darted toward a zare girl that quietly crept up on her . 
 the slaves made her uneasy . 
 their appearance was strange . 
 she knew that zares thrived in warmth and would become frozen and die in this land . 
 her father had altered their bodies so that they could abide in the castle . 
 it seemed like she was looking at an apparition when she saw their milky white eyes , splotchy skin , and lifeless expressions . 
 why did n't her father just send the zares back to their homeland ? 
 did he have to help pay off their debt by taking their loved ones ? 
 it made her cringe . 
 she 'd been taught the history of her people and knew she and her brother should despise the zare race . 
 nanna had told her a different story of how the planet of jade had been a frozen wasteland , and how el ' yi had created the deities who in turn created the zares . 
 the zares had been creating life in the land with their ability of light . 
 when they 'd come across neuge city , they had begun their process of making the land grow with fields of grass and trees . 
 this was where the legend twisted . 
 stelane had been taught by her father that the cruel race had slaughtered their people , driving heat into their frozen bodies , and boiling them to death . 
 a small band of icers had escaped with their lives and vowed to destroy the people of el ' yi . 
 stelane had feared and hated the white-haired race as a child . 
 one day , as she lay on her floor playing war dolls , her nanna had sat her on her knee and told her another tale . 
 the zares had slaughtered their people in innocence . 
 then as retribution the icers had slaughtered zare children that crept too close to the border . 
 it was a long and bloody legend , and that 's where stelane had first heard of the rare breed of creatures called wolfinics . 
 they were a seer race that had helped restore peace between the zares and the icers . 
 she found it disturbing that her people had it so backward . 
 it seemed to her that they still punished zare children . 
 the zare slave paused in her duty and seemed to stare straight at her . 
 `` is there anything i can help you with , princess stelane ? '' 
 the girl was probably at least a couple years younger than her . 
 `` no , i 'm fine . '' 
 chapter 8 deilia neuge city icer domain deilia had n't meant to be caught by the peddlers ; it had just happened . 
 she had been running through the forest , chasing scomperoos , when the two men had spotted her . 
 she had run the opposite way , but their long legs had easily caught up to her . 
 the cold was something she was unaccustomed to , but it was not unbearable . 
 the dredge forest would also drop temperature at night and freeze the ground with white flakes in spots . 
 she was going to sing the men into a deep sleep , when something in her mind changed . 
 maybe i 'm supposed to go with them . 
 she had let them catch her and load her into a diamond cage . 
 they had spotted her golden skin and had removed her cloak . 
 she almost broke free of their bonds in that moment . 
 the exposure on her soul was raw and unnerving . 
 they had tucked the cloak and pouch inside a trunk . 
 `` do you really think that 's what she is ? '' 
 one merchant had hissed to the other , as they locked up the cage . 
 deilia looked at them with wide eyes . 
 they climbed back into their carriage , pulled by what looked like a mammoi . 
 her grandfather 's picture book her father had given her was also in that trunk tucked in her pouch . 
 she felt the carriage lurch forward and slid slightly across the cage . 
 the cell they had put her in was comfortable , except for the fact that the merchants had never given back her cloak or pouch . 
 for a minute she 'd put up a fuss , but maybe somehow she could get another one . 
 a few moments went by , when an icer guard came in and timidly set a tray before her . 
 he gazed at her strangely as if he was seeing a phenomenon . 
 she nodded to him , and he quickly left the room . 
 she looked at the frozen food with complexity . 
 she picked up a piece of wild looking meat and bit into it . 
 nahor `` why in all of jade would he buy a vullen ? 
 do you know what they can do ? '' 
 nahor ranted out loud to a random guard . 
 the guard listened patiently . 
 `` mathes , vullens sing you to your death . 
 this one must be too young to know the song , or she is just playing with us . 
 how can i leave my baby sister , when there is a vullen in our dungeon ? '' 
 he gripped the back of his skull tightly and closed his eyes in frustration . 
 `` she 'll be safe , sire , we 'll make sure she does n't go down there . '' 
 `` do you know how hard it is to keep a thirteen-year-old from snooping ? 
 what was my father thinking ? '' 
 nahor made his way to the dining hall , his face set in a determined scowl . 
 his hand was clenched in a fist as he walked . 
 he had to talk to his father about this . 
 what if the vullen race attacked them because of the child below ? 
 he vaguely remembered the lore about them . 
 he bore in mind that they lived among the deities in the dredge forest . 
 he shoved open the door to the dining hall and spotted his family all seated at the table . 
 dim light flickered off their faces , as the food was brought in and set before them . 
 he came over and sat down . 
 he would discuss the matter right after they dined , when he could get his father alone in his study . 
 `` nahor , will you marry soon ? '' 
 his mother asked . 
 `` what was that nice girl 's name ? 
 jani ? '' 
 she folded her hands on the table and waited for him to answer . 
 `` perhaps soon , mother . '' 
 el ' yi ... he remembered jani . 
 his father had killed her father by sending him into a pointless battle . 
 jani hated his guts . 
 `` father , may i talk to you in the study for a moment ? '' 
 he tried to keep the anger out of his voice but felt like he was failing miserably . 
 `` of course , son , '' king lowen said . 
 stelane and his mother chatted easily as his father rose and followed him to his study . 
 once they were inside , nahor turned on him . 
 `` you ca n't keep a vullen here . 
 what if her people come looking for her ! 
 she 's a danger to our entire family ! '' 
 nahor said . 
 `` nahor , listen . 
 i have tried everything to cure your mother of this disease . 
 nothing has worked . 
 i have heard a myth that the wolfinic race can cure any disease , '' king lowen said . 
 nahor 's eyes narrowed as he silently listened . 
 `` problem is , the only way to find a wolfinic would be through a vullen . 
 wolfinics can see us coming before we get there . 
 a vullen can stand outside a wolfinic 's vision . 
 she is my only hope for curing your mother . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 nahor asked . 
 `` perhaps it 's a fool 's hope . 
 i have no proof of the matter , but i have to at least try for your mother 's sake , for our family 's sake . 
 that is why the vullen must stay . '' 
 nahor sighed , dropping his hands to his side . 
 `` just keep stelane away from that thing . '' 
 he turned and walked away . 
 fressa vullen village dredge forest slam ! 
 splinters exploded off the wall as fressa threw a chair . 
 `` where is she ? 
 how did she escape the forest ? '' 
 he seethed . 
 he shoved furniture out of his way . 
 he racked his brain trying to figure out how his six-year-old child had left the vullen domain . 
 he had searched for hours , but shaka had n't been able to find a trace of his daughter . 
 she might be in pain somewhere and could n't return . 
 the thought of that drove him mad . 
 he 'd already sacrificed her mother . 
 was he going to lose his daughter as well ? 
 she was odd , but there was still hope for her , was n't there ? 
 he slammed out his door and headed toward elder glon 's home to share a few words with him . 
 *** `` how could she escape the curse of el ' yi ? '' 
 fressa asked as he rested his face in his hands . 
 elder glon rubbed his chin thoughtfully and sighed deeply . 
 `` we have never before allowed our young to stray . 
 maybe the curse is not on those of this generation . '' 
 `` i suppose , we 've never tested it . 
 maybe el ' yi has not put his hand on our children . '' 
 fressa reached for a cup of root tea and sipped on it . 
 a plan formed in the back of his mind . 
 he had to find deilia . 
 she was just a child . 
 `` how can i get her back ? '' 
 elder glon sipped his own tea , his clawed fingers curling around the cup . 
 `` you wait , fressa . 
 it may be exactly what she needs . 
 you do n't know deilia 's destiny . '' 
 destiny or not , deilia belonged here with him . 
 nahor neuge city icer domain nahor watched stelane as she tried to coax glimmer into doing a trick she 'd been practicing with him . 
 nahor wondered if the bird was still as dumb as a rock . 
 maybe the other day had been a fluke . 
 he watched her try over and over . 
 she finally threw up her hands and stalked over to him with an annoyed expression on her face . 
 `` stupid bird ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` i had him trained to sing a song for mother , and now he 's forgotten the entire thing ! 
 all he does is sing the workers ' tune . '' 
 nahor nearly spat out the wine he 'd been drinking . 
 the workers ' tune ? 
 how had the bird learned that ? 
 he prayed to el ' yi that stelane did n't know what that meant . 
 he held back a chuckle . 
 the workers ' tune was only taught to prostitutes . 
 was the bird a whore 's ex-pet ? 
 where had his father picked him up anyway ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 stelane had seen his attempt to stifle his laughter . 
 `` it 's not funny , nahor ! 
 i worked hard on this ! '' 
 she was near tears . 
 nahor wiped the humor from his face and patted her back . 
 `` hey , it 's just a stupid bird . 
 i 'm sure he 'll remember when he wants to . 
 mother will love the song . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you 're leaving soon . '' 
 she pouted and sat down beside him on the couch . 
 he wrapped her up in his arms and kissed her curls . 
 `` i 'll be back before you know it . 
 i 'm sure you 'll teach glimmer to sing ten songs by then ! '' 
 he smiled at her and held her tight a little longer . 
 he was going to miss her . 
 `` did father buy something the other day ? 
 i saw the peddlers leaving . '' 
 she always enjoyed the treats her father picked up for her on peddler days . 
 `` he did n't purchase anything this time , '' he lied . 
 he did n't want her to know about the vullen . 
 for some reason he had a bad feeling about the creature they were keeping tucked in their dungeon . 
 `` oh , '' stelane said with disappointment . 
 `` that 's strange ; he always buys something from those two . '' 
 she eyed nahor like she could sense he was hiding something from her . 
 nahor hoped she would leave the matter at that . 
 deilia deilia awoke from a dream , feeling disturbed and lonely . 
 she wanted to free herself now , but she shoved the thought aside . 
 she could take isolation a little bit longer . 
 she flung her small legs over the side of her bed . 
 she needed her cloak . 
 she shivered unconsciously , not so much because she was cold , but because she was n't used to not having it for so long . 
 a soft knock came to the door and a young , strange looking girl came inside . 
 her eyes were milky white , her hair an odd shade of red , and her skin was splotchy . 
 deilia watched her curiously . 
 the girl set her tray of food on her nightstand and turned to leave . 
 `` wait , '' deilia said and held out her hand . 
 the girl turned back toward her and looked at her with a blank stare . 
 what was wrong with her ? 
 her father had never told her of this race . 
 he had given her a picture book that her grandfather had drawn . 
 it had been her mother 's when she was a child . 
 it had every race on jade , and she did n't remember one looking like this . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 the slave took a step forward . 
 `` i 'm a zare . '' 
 deilia reeled back in confusion . 
 a zare ? 
 she knew of this race ! 
 it was a fair-haired race , with tanned skin , and beautiful eyes . 
 this was not a zare ! 
 plus , they dwelt in the warmth and perished in the iced lands . 
 `` you ca n't be . '' 
 deilia cautiously approached her , as if her condition would transfer . 
 she wondered if her healing song would work . 
 she opened her mouth and let the sweet toned melody build . 
 it wrapped around and around the zare with a blue light until she heard the girl draw in a deep breath . 
 in a few seconds , the blue light ceased and a white-green-haired girl with golden-green eyes stood before her . 
 her skin was a healthy tanned color . 
 instantly , the slave wrapped her arms around her body . 
 `` so cold ... '' she chattered . 
 deilia watched as white zigzags began to race up her arms , neck , and legs until she was covered in them . 
 the girl made a choking noise . 
 deilia started panicking . 
 the girl was freezing to death before her eyes ! 
 she had n't thought singing the healing song would do this ! 
 how did she warm the girl ? 
 did she know any songs for that ? 
 she frantically searched her mind and began to sing softly . 
 the tune was n't complete in her thoughts , and the girl began to choke more . 
 something took over her mind as she watched the girl dying before her . 
 a sick satisfaction began to creep into her . 
 let her die . 
 she shook her head with the thought . 
 let her die ? 
 the girl collapsed on the ground until she lay still . 
 her breathing was barely audible . 
 her head turned , and a horrified expression crossed her face . 
 she drew her last breath . 
 deilia stared at the dead corpse frozen on the floor . 
 a sick smile curled her lips . 
 she 'd enjoyed every minute of it . 
 chapter 9 oni’on sulstic glimma village zare territory the wind howled like a frightened child . 
 tree branches scratched oni’on sulstic 's shirt as he ran through a dense forest . 
 his chest heaved in and out as his thoughts slammed through his consciousness one right after another . 
 i ca n't let him hurt her ! 
 his white and blue streaked hair hung choppy around his ears , and his tanned skin was littered with inked pictures . 
 he 'd been almost to the marketplace when he 'd caught wind of his fad ' ra 's actions . 
 he could see their hut in the distance and forced his body to move faster . 
 oni’on arrived at the door and dragged a deep breath into his screaming lungs . 
 he turned the handle and stepped into the cluttered home . 
 he could hear the sound of someone shouting , something crashed , and his baby sister began to wail . 
 he composed himself and walked in the front door . 
 the scene he came across made him shudder . 
 his fad ' ra , juda , and his mad ' ra , elra , were in a heated argument . 
 pieces of glass lay strewn from a broken cup . 
 `` you were seen with him in the market . 
 do n't tell me you 're staying faithful to me ! '' 
 juda shook his fist . 
 `` he was just helping me carry my supplies back to my cart . 
 it was nothing , '' elra defended herself . 
 her white and aqua blue hair was strewn like she 'd been pushed around . 
 `` you 're cheating on me ! '' 
 juda screamed and oni’on could hear the slur in his voice . 
 his fad ' ra had been drinking again . 
 `` what do you want me to say , juda ? 
 you do n't believe me , so yes , i was cheating on you . '' 
 she turned to walk into the kitchen . 
 juda 's face started turning a deep shade of red . 
 oni’on saw it coming but could n't do anything to stop it . 
 juda turned elra around , and his meaty fists connected with her face . 
 she stumbled and fell into a wooden end table ; her body crumpled like paper . 
 his three-year-old sister 's voice shrieked with fear . 
 his younger brother rhyme came running out of the kitchen , his hands clutching a stick . 
 `` mad ' ra ! '' 
 he wailed and looked from juda to oni’on . 
 oni’on could see the accusation in his younger brother 's eyes toward him . 
 why could n't he stop their abusive fad ' ra ? 
 at 16 , oni’on barely stood up to his fad ' ra 's shoulders . 
 elra did n't move as juda turned his back and walked toward their bedroom . 
 `` do n't think i wo n't remember this day , elra ! '' 
 *** oni’on stared into his drink , his eyes frosting over with the memory of that day . 
 it had been hours later that his mad ' ra had been sold by their fad ' ra to the icer king . 
 just hours . 
 the pain of that day never seemed to go away . 
 he swigged at his wine . 
 his blue-golden eyes swept the room in an instant . 
 why could n't his mind just give it a rest ? 
 so what if he had left his siblings and walked out of that house ? 
 he should n't feel guilty about his decision . 
 he rubbed the stubble on his chin and slammed his cup down on the bar table . 
 `` another one , beautiful . '' 
 he flashed the bartender his best smile and saw her scowl . 
 `` oni’on , honey , go home . 
 do n't you have a job to go to in the morning ? 
 you look like worge-dung . '' 
 her white and pink streaked hair was looped up in a bun on top of her head . 
 her narrow jaw jutted out far too much to hold beauty . 
 oni’on grunted . 
 he did have a job to go to , curse her . 
 he would have to get sloshed another day . 
 he stood to his feet and heard the sound of someone talking to his right . 
 `` i 'll chase all the corrupt memories right out of your mind , oni’on . 
 just slip me a coin ... '' a seductive voice purred . 
 oni’on did n't have to turn to know that one of the village 's prostitutes was the one speaking to him . 
 `` i think you 'll create your own corrupt memories , liaa . 
 i have enough of those to last me a lifetime . '' 
 he pushed past her and walked out into the cool night air . 
 the two moons glimmered above him , casting narrow shadows around him . 
 how long had he been in the bar ? 
 who cared . 
 he walked through the village center , feeling the dull warmth of the alcohol running through him . 
 he heard the sound of the silvies singing their nighttime song . 
 as he made his way home , the little majestic birds filled the sky above him . 
 it was his little sister sadrien 's birthday today . 
 was that why he was thinking about that day ? 
 how long had it been ? 
 his fingertips brushed the wooden planks of the bakery shop as he thought . 
 oh el ' yi , it had been seven years . 
 sadie was ten now . 
 that made his younger brother rhyme 15 . 
 he had seen them here and there when they ventured into glimma for supplies . 
 rhyme had pointed him out once , and his fad ' ra had craned his neck to see . 
 oni’on had disappeared into the nearest shop . 
 he did n't want to face his siblings and see the hopelessness on their young faces . 
 he opened the door to his rundown apartment building and ventured inside . 
 the stench of wet rags slapped him in the face . 
 it must have been laundry day for someone . 
 he rubbed his temple as a headache started forming . 
 he needed to remember to ease up on the drinks . 
 eh , who was he kidding ? 
 sounds of his neighbors drifted around him . 
 his feet slapped the rough wooden floor . 
 when he stepped into the shack of a building they all called home , the kelc 's were arguing like they always did . 
 a door slammed and something crashed . 
 he winced , remembering the day his mad ' ra was sold . 
 why did he keep thinking about that ? 
 the kelc 's threw stuff all the time . 
 it was nothing new . 
 he bumped into someone and looked down . 
 a little girl named loo glanced up at him in fright . 
 her white and purple hair was a tangled mess around her skinny face . 
 she was the kelc 's little girl . 
 he felt a strange pain in his chest at her hollow look . 
 `` sorry , mr. sulstic . '' 
 another memory of the day he left sadrien and rhyme alone arose , and he winced internally . 
 `` it 's fine , '' he said and skirted around her , finally making it to his door . 
 what a night . 
 he fumbled with his keys and dropped them on the grimy wooden floor . 
 he cursed , swiped them up , and shoved them into the lock . 
 the door groaned loudly as he shouldered it open . 
 he took a step inside the dark room , muttering about a light . 
 he lit a few candles , feeling the sting of the headache receding . 
 something bumped and he looked up . 
 oni’on froze where he stood . 
 a figure stood cloaked in the shadows . 
 oni’on tipped his head to the side trying to make out who it was . 
 maybe it was one of his friends trying to play a joke on him . 
 `` hello ? 
 ha ! 
 you got me . 
 now get out of my house i 'm tired . '' 
 he knew his voice was slurring but did n't care . 
 the figure did n't move . 
 he walked over to his cupboard and pulled out a hunk of bread . 
 he chewed on it and watched the corner . 
 stupid worge-eater . 
 what did they want ? 
 `` listen , either get out of my house , or i 'll throw you out . 
 i do n't take in charity . '' 
 he stumbled toward the corner where the person stood . 
 he noticed that the figure appeared to be a woman with golden hair that was hanging around her shoulders . 
 was she looking for a warm body tonight ? 
 he shrugged . 
 he was too drunk to care . 
 he moved toward her with an easy smile . 
 `` hey , sweetheart , i wo n't hurt ya . 
 are you looking for a good time ? '' 
 suddenly , oni’on noticed that the woman 's feet were n't touching the floor . 
 he swore and stumbled backward , tripping over his own two feet . 
 he crawled backward as the woman drifted high into the air . 
 her body began to glow brightly . 
 her hair lazily floated around her shoulders , and her hand drifted forward as if she was underwater . 
 instant fear struck his heart , and his mouth went dry . 
 a deity was in his living room . 
 why was she here ? 
 how was she here ? 
 a soft voice began to sing . 
 the words were foreign to him , a language of the deities . 
 he found himself feeling drowsy , his body frozen . 
 his knees buckled , and he toppled face first to the floor . 
 after singing her entire song , the deity let out an unnatural scream and disappeared in a flash of white light . 
 oni’on woke up with a killer headache . 
 he lazily opened one eye and looked around his apartment . 
 there were streaks of grime that ran down his window that overlooked glimma , a crooked picture hanging on the wall , and piles of dishes so high that he feared something was living in them . 
 a dirty , tangled , and matted mammoi rug stared him straight in the eyes . 
 `` wha -- ? '' 
 he mumbled . 
 a putrid smell assaulted his senses . 
 what had died in here ? 
 he was laying on the floor . 
 what had happened last night ? 
 he rubbed his forehead trying to reemerge the missing memories . 
 he remembered drinking by himself at the bar , but something else had happened . 
 had he passed out ? 
 he stood to his feet , brushed himself off , and groaned when he realized he was late for work . 
 he cursed and ran to throw on a fresh shirt . 
 he needed to lay off drinking or get fired from his job . 
 he jogged out the door and headed toward a green painted building , that had a giant smiling face on it . 
 instead of going through the front door , he went through the alley and came out the other end . 
 a group of people were digging their fingertips into the soil . 
 he gave his boss an apologetic look and dug right into his job . 
 literally . 
 he 'd barely gotten this job . 
 his light abilities stretched only to simple plant growing . 
 his grandfa ' pod had been a warrior of the light . 
 before he 'd been able to teach any of his grandchildren his abilities , he 'd disappeared one evening . 
 the art had been lost on the zare race . 
 he 'd only heard of two warriors who were left , and they did n't even live in glimma village . 
 the ancient war was all but forgotten to this new generation . 
 the ground around his fingers began to glow softly . 
 he spotted a few new sprouts struggling to the surface . 
 it was going to be a long day . 
 *** `` why do n't you just talk to her , oni’on ? '' 
 a chuckle resounded from the throat of a skinny man , his long fingers digging in the dirt . 
 oni’on snapped out of his daydream at the sound of his friend 's voice . 
 `` what ? 
 who ? '' 
 he knew who , but he was n't going to admit to swooning over the pretty white and pink haired girl , that worked adjacent to him . 
 her name was arrissa . 
 her laughter rose sweetly and made his heart thud like a drum . 
 `` you know who . '' 
 `` listen , jackon , arrissa has n't even glanced my way since i started working at this dump . 
 she does n't even know i exist . 
 i 'm not talking to her and making a fool out of myself . '' 
 jackon backed up a step and raised his hands in defense . 
 `` hey , just asking . 
 you swoon over that girl every day . 
 you doing alright today ? 
 you look a little pale . '' 
 `` huh ? 
 oh , i 'm fine . 
 i must have passed out when i got home . 
 i woke up on the floor this morning . 
 i had a strange dream that i ca n't quite piece together in my mind . '' 
 he began to dig back into the soil . 
 chapter 10 king lowen neuge city icer domain king lowen thrummed his fingers over and over against the arm of his throne , his eyes staring in the distance . 
 he 'd just been informed that the vullen had killed a slave . 
 it was n't a big deal , considering he had hundreds more , but it was the fact that the zare had turned back to normal before she had frozen to death . 
 king lowen bit his bottom lip in concentration . 
 did that mean the vullen could cure the sick ? 
 he wanted to send a guard into the dungeon to retrieve the vullen girl , but he feared that the girl would do more damage than good . 
 what had he been thinking ? 
 perhaps nahor was right . 
 maybe having a vullen here was reckless on his part . 
 should he really risk his wife 's life ? 
 he shook his head at the thought . 
 it was too dangerous . 
 one wrong move and gal ' adryl could be like that zare girl who was tossed into the forest . 
 but what if ? 
 his mind shifted between the two decisions . 
 he abruptly stood up and let out a frustrated growl . 
 it was like dangling the cure in front of his nose , but he could n't use it . 
 he could test it on another zare . 
 a smile curled on his lips as he got off his throne to find a useless slave . 
 deilia deilia stared at the zare boy in front of her . 
 her hands trembled as the king stood waiting for her to cure him . 
 she glanced at the boy , the king , and then back to the boy again . 
 she did n't dare . 
 he would die as the girl zare had . 
 something inside her stirred . 
 the lust was trying to persuade her to watch the boy die . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 if she did this she was just like the rest of her people . 
 the death lust would not take over her mind ! 
 her eyebrows narrowed in anger . 
 how dare the king tempt her ! 
 she opened her eyes with a snap . 
 `` no . '' 
 the simple word seemed to resound in her cell . 
 the king looked taken aback . 
 his jaw clenched . 
 `` you must . '' 
 deilia could see the hesitation on his face . 
 he knew she was more powerful than he was . 
 threats would n't work on her . 
 `` i will not watch him die as the other . '' 
 `` i will have him dropped off at the border immediately . '' 
 king lowen shoved the boy closer to her . 
 deilia studied the king 's eyes to see if he was lying or not . 
 he appeared to be truthful as far as she could tell . 
 `` agreed , '' she said and closed her eyes in concentration . 
 she quietly began to sing . 
 the words drifted like a soft blanket and cloaked the room with beauty . 
 the zare boy trembled as she took a step closer . 
 his eyes began to gradually change from white to a brilliant green and gold . 
 as if ashes had been shaken from his scalp , his rusty colored hair began to transform . 
 brilliant white and green streaked hair hung to his chin , and his skin turned a light tan . 
 deilia 's mouth curved into a satisfied grin . 
 the boy stood whole before her . 
 instantly he shivered . 
 `` you must hurry ! '' 
 she said to the king and ushered the boy out the door . 
 `` get him to the border and fast ! '' 
 her eyes pleaded . 
 king lowen nodded to a guard beside him . 
 the guard hurried the boy out of the dungeon . 
 king lowen king lowen pondered on his bed as gal ' adryl got ready to go to sleep . 
 her blonde hair hung down her bare back . 
 she brushed it , a soft melody on her lips . 
 at times he forgot she was sick . 
 she seemed to be herself today and had loved him with a passion he remembered from their youth . 
 then other days it was as if someone else had replaced his wife . 
 should he take the risk and let the vullen sing the healing song over gal ' adryl ? 
 it might alter the disease in his wife 's mind . 
 he weighed the fact that the zares were n't healed of a disease . 
 they had led the zare boy to the outside and left him in the snow . 
 he 'd frozen in mere moments . 
 gal ' adryl hummed under her breath and came toward him with a smile teasing her lips . 
 `` what are you thinking about , lowie ? '' 
 she kissed the corner of his mouth sweetly and brushed back his dark hair from his forehead . 
 `` you ... '' he pulled her against his chest , and his lips found the soft curves of her neck . 
 stelane golden streaks of light flashed above stelane 's eyes as several wild gracor birds flew up ahead . 
 she patted her mammoi , gusha , affectionately as she slid onto her back . 
 she rubbed the black bushy mane that was between two looped , bumpy black horns . 
 gusha 's long whip-like tail with a tuft of soft fur on the end swished back and forth . 
 her giant hooves stomped impatiently for the ride . 
 `` are you ready to go , gusha ? '' 
 stelane smiled at her mammoi 's eagerness . 
 she gripped the reins and threw her hair over her shoulder . 
 she made gusha stand still as her mind drifted . 
 how many days were left before nahor left for school ? 
 she tried not to think about it . 
 it was too soon ! 
 she had n't even taught glimmer his goodbye song . 
 stupid bird . 
 the only thing he was apt to sing lately was the workers ' song that got on her nerves . 
 the slaves must have sung it around him . 
 she whistled the goodbye song as she nudged gusha forward . 
 the mammoi took off at neck breaking speed , her legs going over the frozen ground like the wind . 
 she let the mammoi have her way as she raced around dark , frozen trees that glistened in the morning sunlight . 
 her father had been acting strange lately . 
 he was quiet and pensive as if he was weighed down by a huge decision . 
 it was n't uncommon for him to be stressed , but this seemed different than before . 
 she noticed how her father watched her mother more . 
 it seemed like whatever was on his mind involved her . 
 of course , her father was always watching her mother with a fierce eye . 
 gal ' adryl had one time wandered away into the zare territory , where luckily nahor had found her before her blood boiled . 
 now , guards were at every gate and the edge of their land . 
 she loved the feeling of the wind flowing around her and closed her eyes . 
 she would eventually grow up , marry someone amazing , and get out of this place . 
 if her father had his way , she 'd remain locked up in this castle for the rest of her life . 
 she pushed the dark thoughts aside . 
 she did n't want to think about her father right now . 
 she wanted to feel free . 
 she opened her eyes and laughed as elkens danced around her , their white fur glistened , bodies blending into the swirling snow . 
 antlers that looked like skinny branches of a tree adorned their elegant heads , and their graceful legs were white roots that twisted and moved while they ran . 
 snowflakes fell around them , and the elkens ' mouths rose into the air to eat the glittering particles . 
 they weaved in and around gusha , their noses nudging stelane 's arms . 
 she touched one gently and rubbed in-between its ears , being careful to avoid the branches . 
 it nuzzled her until gusha broke ahead of the herd . 
 stelane looked back as the elkens disappeared into the forest . 
 `` gusha , let 's stop here . '' 
 she touched the mammoi 's backside , and the animal slowed down to a walk . 
 the forest trees towered above her like mountains of white . 
 their sparkling , frozen branches surrounded her in silence . 
 she slid off gusha and walked with her awhile , letting her mind regroup . 
 the wind lifted the hem of her dress making it dance back and forth . 
 `` i will meet a boy , '' she said out loud to herself . 
 gusha found unfrozen bark and began to nibble at it . 
 stelane sat down on a low hanging branch and swung her legs back and forth . 
 it felt good to get out of the castle . 
 `` you 're a long way from home , little girl , '' said a voice bouncing from every direction . 
 stelane turned sharply at the sound , but she could n't see the source of the voice . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 her voice quivered , though she was trying to force it not to . 
 a soft laugh filled the morning air . 
 the trees quaked around her , appearing as nervous as she was . 
 she took a tentative step toward gusha . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 her hands formed ice crystals . 
 the soft laugh turned darker . 
 stelane felt fear ripple through her . 
 she clicked to gusha and pulled herself back up on the muscled creature , her heart pounding in her ears . 
 she did n't want to stick around to find out who that was . 
 she nudged her ride toward the castle , glancing over her shoulder the entire ride . 
 king lowen the cool floor beneath king lowen 's feet felt good . 
 he made his way toward the dungeon where the vullen was kept . 
 he had to get more information before he put his wife under the control of the deadly creature 's song . 
 he towed two guards behind him . 
 as he approached the cell door , he heard a strange tune . 
 it was soft yet harsh sounding at the same time . 
 the melody was complicated , bending back and forth in waves . 
 he felt a sting in the base of his skull and gripped the back of his neck in pain . 
 the two guards beside him did the same thing , and their knees buckled . 
 they stumbled to the side of him falling against the wall . 
 king lowen staggered but made it to the door of the vullen he housed . 
 he knocked , and the song immediately ceased . 
 the pain lifted , and he saw his two guards slowly recover . 
 `` come in , '' the girl said . 
 he cautiously opened the door . 
 `` hello , king lowen , '' she said with a serious tone . 
 `` have you come for me to heal another zare ? '' 
 king lowen shook his head and folded his arms across his chest . 
 his two guards slipped into the room behind him and shut the door . 
 `` i need more information from you . '' 
 `` deilia . 
 my name is deilia . '' 
 `` i need to know if this song works on diseases of the mind , '' lowen asked her . 
 deilia shivered , and he noticed that she looked uncomfortable with the two guards standing nearby . 
 `` can i make you more comfortable ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` i want my cloak back . '' 
 her eyes looked away . 
 `` your cloak ? '' 
 lowen wondered aloud . 
 had she come with a cloak when he 'd purchased her ? 
 the peddlers must have taken it from her . 
 `` i can get you a new cloak if you wish . '' 
 he unlatched his own from around his shoulders and handed it over to her . 
 she would swim in it . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , i must have mine . 
 it does n't work like that . '' 
 `` i will look into it immediately . '' 
 he motioned toward both of the guards . 
 `` have the two peddlers found , and the vullen 's cloak brought to me as soon as possible . '' 
 `` yes , your majesty , '' said the guards and slipped out the door . 
 king lowen turned his attention back to the vullen child . 
 he waited patiently for her to answer his question . 
 `` i do n't know if i can cure a disease . 
 i have healed rocks , sticks , and the two zares . 
 i do n't know the affects of the songs my teacher taught me . '' 
 she fidgeted , her face drawn and nervous . 
 king lowen sighed and turned toward the door . 
 `` i wonder if you can sing over my sick wife ? '' 
 he asked , his voice sounding heavy . 
 deilia rose quietly to her feet . 
 `` what 's wrong with her ? '' 
 he turned his head over his shoulder . 
 `` she has the croo disease . 
 her mind is slipping into the state of a child more each day . '' 
 king lowen saw the pity in the girl 's eyes . 
 `` i can try , but i do n't know what will happen to her . '' 
 deilia curled her clawed fingers . 
 `` i wonder if a wolfinic can help her then . '' 
 king lowen turned back around . 
 deilia 's eyes snapped upward . 
 `` a wolfinic ? 
 why do you want a seer ? '' 
 `` i have heard legends of how a wolfinic 's bite can heal any disease . '' 
 hope shimmered in king lowen 's voice . 
 `` i ca n't locate one because they stay hidden from all races . '' 
 king lowen approached the girl with caution . 
 `` unless you find one for me . '' 
 `` we do not venture into the seers ' domain , '' she said gravely . 
 `` not since el ' yi cursed us . '' 
 king lowen felt dread go through him . 
 if he could n't get to a wolfinic then there was no hope for gal ' adryl . 
 `` el ' yi may allow it , but i will need my cloak . 
 what do you need me to do ? '' 
 `` i need you to steal a baby wolfinic . '' 
 chapter 11 deilia neuge city icer castle deilia curled and uncurled her sharp nails over and over , her anxiety growing . 
 darkness hung around her like a thick , suffocating veil . 
 a faint , eerie song drifted in the back of her mind wanting to break free . 
 she would not sing the death song . 
 she felt a presence in the room , and fear wrapped its bony fingers around her throat . 
 `` sing ... '' hissed a harsh voice . 
 she buried her face in her pillow , clenching her jaw as disturbing images manifested in her mind . 
 why did her father and her people haunt her daily ? 
 why could n't she just be normal like them ? 
 `` shuro ... '' she said in a broken whisper muffled into her pillow . 
 how could she steal a seer without angering the high deity el ' yi , more ? 
 her people were already forbidden to go outside the borders of their allotted territory . 
 if she helped the king find a wolfinic pup would she bring a greater curse upon herself and her people ? 
 i ca n't do it . 
 the walls around her seemed to be closing in , and she gasped , shivering . 
 my cloak , i want my cloak now . 
 she felt so exposed and raw in this frozen land . 
 her eyes flashed , she struck the wall , and raked her sharp nails down the stone . 
 the sound was grating and painful on her ears , but she did n't care . 
 i want out of this prison ! 
 `` shuro ! '' 
 she held her face in her hands as sobs escaped her mouth . 
 a high-pitched song lifted into her mind . 
 `` i want my shuro . '' 
 loneliness made her heart squeeze in pain . 
 she heard a knock on her door , and the heated anger returned . 
 how dare he ask her to defy el ' yi for him ? 
 how dare he . 
 a slave came in and set her tray of food beside her bed . 
 deilia 's eyes narrowed into slits . 
 she wanted out of here . 
 the death song lingered in her thoughts . 
 all she had to do was open her mouth , and her escape was before her . 
 the girl 's long , scraggily braid swished the floor as she bent over to pick up deilia 's old dishes . 
 sing , she told herself . 
 it was just one zare . 
 all she had to do was sing the death song . 
 her lips parted , and the little girl looked at her . 
 she was probably ten-years-old , her milky-white eyes were filled with no life , and her splotchy white hand reached out to deilia . 
 `` is there something you need , miss ? '' 
 she asked with a calm voice , not knowing she was facing her death . 
 what would shuro say if she could see her ? 
 deilia shut her mouth , and the melody dispersed in her mind like a wind sprite fleeing away . 
 she shook her head no . 
 the girl bowed and walked out of the room . 
 tears gathered in deilia 's eyes as she watched her freedom walk away . 
 will el ' yi be angry if i capture a wolfinic pup ? 
 she touched the door , a tear sliding down her cheek . 
 she knew the king would be coming for her answer to his question . 
 would she steal a wolfinic pup ? 
 fear crept through her mind like a cold dagger . 
 if she said ` no ' what would the king do ? 
 she shivered . 
 she 'd never get her cloak back if she did n't say yes . 
 her soul ached . 
 suddenly , a cold mist filled the room around her . 
 deilia lifted her clear eyes , her thoughts interrupted . 
 a gray-skinned man , with a long , sallow face stood before her . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 deilia wrapped her arms around herself , her curly purple hair falling in front of her face like a shield . 
 `` that does n't matter , '' he said , and his voice sounded like ice . 
 she trembled and closed her eyes . 
 `` get away from me . 
 i do n't want to hurt you . '' 
 `` i can help you , vullen . 
 do what the king says , and you will revive favor with the high deity for your people . '' 
 `` are you el ' yi ? '' 
 deilia 's voice quivered as she squirmed under the sight of the man . 
 `` no . 
 i am his messenger . '' 
 with that , the strange man disappeared into a gray vapor . 
 deilia stared at the spot he 'd inhabited for several heartbeats before nodding . 
 `` i will find a wolfinic pup , '' she said out loud to no one in particular . 
 otsana dredge forest wolfinic village otsana ran through the dredge forest the darkness so thick it felt suffocating . 
 the wind moaned sadly , and the trees reached out their claws toward her . 
 she could hear her own breath chugging noisily as her paws hit the ground . 
 a silver mist enveloped her , circling around and around . 
 a dark form filled her vision . 
 sharp teeth flashed from the phantom 's lips , and an eerie song erupted from his lungs . 
 sharp nails dug into otsana 's side as the creature bent to whisper in her ear , `` we 're coming for you ... there is no where you can hide , seer . '' 
 a song rose from the creature 's lips , and otsana felt her blood beginning to boil from the inside . 
 she howled in anguish . 
 otsana awoke from the night vision , sweat dripping into her eyes . 
 she felt her pup shift inside her and whimpered . 
 what did the cloaked apparition want ? 
 did he have to fill her night visions as well ? 
 she heard mur shift , and his warm head nuzzled her gently . 
 `` night vision ? '' 
 he asked her softly . 
 she snuggled into him , her eyes closing . 
 `` mur , i fear for our village . 
 i fear our ignorance of the vullen race will be our demise . 
 perhaps , we have overlooked an attack on this place . 
 i ca n't live in the village if it 's unsafe for shema . '' 
 `` have you seen anything happen to her , love ? '' 
 mur nipped at her ear . 
 `` no , but why do i dream of the vullen creature ? '' 
 `` the elders will discuss it in the morning , '' mur replied . 
 `` for now , we must sleep . '' 
 she heard him immediately drift back into a deep sleep . 
 it did n't take much for mur to slumber . 
 otsana stretched as she crawled out of bed . 
 she did n't want to disturb mur , so she crept outside into the cool night air . 
 it did bother her that the vullen appeared daily in her thoughts . 
 was she just being paranoid because she had n't foreseen the vullen ? 
 she soaked in the moons ' light as her paws crunched the leaves . 
 she focused deep in her mind and let her visions rise . 
 maybe she had missed something . 
 flash after flash scrolled through her subconscious . 
 she could see her pup playing , and the village as it always was . 
 suddenly , a deep red pain filled her mind . 
 she whimpered , dipped her head down , and put her paws against her nose in fear . 
 a feeling of deep sorrow and darkness increased . 
 what was this ? 
 then it was gone . 
 her visions of the village returned . 
 the coldness of the red pain lingered in her thoughts as she walked quietly back to her hut . 
 *** soundlessly , leaves fell around otsana as she crouched low to the ground . 
 her stomach rumbled reminding her that she needed to make a kill and soon . 
 mur was in another section of the forest . 
 she 'd grown restless just sitting at home waiting for her pup 's birth . 
 she followed her visions to the portion of the woods that was the densest . 
 an elken ate the moss that lay like a thick carpeting on the ground . 
 it was an easy kill -- a boring kill . 
 she searched her visions once again to see if something else was more appealing . 
 she chuckled under her breath at one in particular ; at least there was a chase involved . 
 she licked her chops and burst into a full fledge run after the powerful creature called a kelpso . 
 she crept toward a tall shella tree , her tail swishing in anticipation . 
 the creature was covered entirely in spikes , except the tail , which was covered in thick scales , and the underbelly was soft . 
 otsana saw precisely how to flip her dinner . 
 the kelpso wandered from around the corner of a cluster of trees . 
 its bulging eyes were distracted by the wind sprites that flitted around it . 
 otsana snarled in annoyance . 
 stupid wind sprites . 
 they were going to change the outcome of her meal . 
 she searched her mind and spotted the avenue of her kill . 
 she counted down three seconds and lunged forward toward the creature . 
 it saw her and blindly ran , crashing through the forest , almost colliding with a tree , its spikes scraping the bark off in curls . 
 the wind sprites dispersed with a burst of rainbow colors . 
 she carefully avoided the sorrowful creatures ' touch , jumping over several and swiping at one with her powerful claws . 
 the smell of their blood made her woozy for a moment , but it cleared as she saw the kelpso crush another under its foot . 
 the rest of the wind sprites flew away screeching . 
 she smirked , jumped off a tree in a powerful kick , and grabbed the kelpso by the throat . 
 it tried to shift its body to get at her with its spikes , but she flipped it over with a slam of her paw and plunged her sharp teeth into the tender flesh of its belly . 
 the sweet meat erupted on her tongue , and she consumed it within moments . 
 her muzzle dripped with blood as she glanced around . 
 i have n't had that much fun in a long time . 
 her mind shifted to mur and saw that he had also contained a meaty meal ; she barked to get his attention . 
 he ran over and saw her kill . 
 `` impressive . 
 i thought you were going for the elken . 
 you are pregnant , love , '' he softly admonished her . 
 she licked his ear affectionately . 
 `` too easy , this one actually got my heart pumping . 
 plus , i 'm sure shema enjoyed the sweet taste of victory . '' 
 she lapped at the leftover blood that seeped from the creature . 
 `` ready to head back ? 
 the time is soon . '' 
 his tongue lolled out of his mouth like a pup . 
 `` we still have a few hours . '' 
 otsana grabbed her mate by the scruff and flipped him over . 
 they rolled in the leaves , their noses tenderly nuzzling each other . 
 `` elder pois has affirmed that shema will be strong . '' 
 they lay in the leaves panting , their eyes consumed by the other . 
 `` you 're going to be a great father . '' 
 otsana nudged him with her nose as they rose back to their feet . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 mur dove forward , his mate close on his heels . 
 *** otsana pressed her muzzle deep into the chest of her mate . 
 he whispered encouraging words to her as the birthing elder watched them carefully . 
 `` it 's going to be any moment now , '' elder clema said to otsana . 
 otsana had already foreseen the birth and knew what to do . 
 she could feel the process rolling through her body . 
 the pain of her daughter 's arrival would be intense , but well worth it . 
 she felt the urge to push come upon her , and she prepped her mind for birth . 
 `` ready , otsana ? 
 let 's push now , '' elder clema 's warm voice encouraged . 
 `` come on , love , '' mur said with a grin . 
 otsana clenched her jaw and pushed with all her strength . 
 pain lapped through her body , and her legs shuddered with the weight of the pup being birthed . 
 the head came forth , and otsana 's breathing quickened . 
 `` almost there now ! 
 push ! '' 
 otsana continued to bear down as the pup 's body began to make its way into the paws of the elder . 
 `` a girl ! 
 what a beautiful pup ! '' 
 elder clema said . 
 otsana felt the birth sack slip out and heaved a sigh of relief . 
 that was it . 
 her daughter was born ! 
 she heard mur yelping with delight as he licked the pup clean as each father did . 
 `` she 's gorgeous ! '' 
 mur said . 
 the elder slipped from the room , her responsibility now completed . 
 mur would care for the simple duties of cleaning and eating the birth sack . 
 otsana got a quick glance at the pup and whimpered in love . 
 shema . 
 her instinct was to instantly mind link with her baby , but she held it at bay . 
 she would in time . 
 she remembered being tethered to her mama 's mind and did n't enjoy it in the least bit -- there was no freedom in it . 
 she knew it was just a safety precaution , but at the moment she was going to hold off . 
 `` she 's perfect , '' she whispered . 
 chapter 12 rhyme sulstic zare territory rhyme sulstic reached his hand toward the shimmering girl before him . 
 towering trees dipped their branches down around him , the eyes of deities watching to see his next move . 
 the girl was covered in a fine blue and purple dust . 
 her light brown hair was littered with tiny purple flowers and small flowering sticks poked out in odd directions . 
 a deity . 
 not the first he had seen since his mother had been taken from him . 
 he had tried to ignore them at first , but it had n't worked . 
 `` did you find it , rhyme ? '' 
 da ’n ea asked , her voice like the trickling of a river . 
 her petite feet hovered inches above the moss-ridden floor of the dredge forest . 
 rhyme touched a pouch at his side and nodded once . 
 the girl 's face lit into a lovely smile , her glowing blue eyes glittering with pleasure . 
 `` why do you want a rotten stick ? '' 
 rhyme handed a shriveled stick to the deity before him . 
 `` it 's not just a stick , rhyme , '' her voice sang with excitement . 
 the wind wrapped her dress around her legs . 
 `` it is glossmer wood . 
 i can make you a gift with it . '' 
 da ’n ea gripped the stick like it was a diamond and flew up into the air , the sound of her giggling traveling behind her . 
 rhyme stared where the deity had just hovered and shrugged . 
 he had better hurry home , or his fad ' ra would be angry . 
 he winced at the thought of his fad ' ra 's abusive fist . 
 el ' yi had gifted the zare race with a quick healing ability , but the wounds inflicted still hurt . 
 he turned around with a wave to several deities and ran home . 
 rhyme 's hut was within sight when he heard someone screaming . 
 sadie ! 
 his heart thudded loudly as he searched for where her cries were coming from in the opaque forest . 
 he looked around and spotted a glowing boy beneath a giant osin tree . 
 he scowled and ran to shoo away the deity that had been haunting sadrien his sister for the last year and a half . 
 he was a pesky deity with long yellow hair and a smushed face . 
 his eyes were glowing gray as he stared at rhyme with a loathing snarl . 
 `` get away from her , uli , '' rhyme said with a wave of a stick . 
 living on the border of the deity territory had its annoyances . 
 uli swirled around the tree , his feet twisted roots that bubbled and boiled around him like tiny poisonous hieths . 
 `` she stole my rock ! '' 
 he shook his fist at rhyme 's ten-year-old sister . 
 sadie 's fearful face flickered to rhyme . 
 `` what did he say , rhyme ? '' 
 she asked , her voice quivering . 
 she 'd never been able to see the deities like rhyme could , but she still saw uli 's actions . 
 `` sadie , he wants his rock back . '' 
 rhyme crossed his arms over his lean chest . 
 `` this is my rock , rhyme ! 
 i did n't take any rock from uli ! '' 
 she pouted , clinging to a pink rock that danced with sparkles . 
 he could see why his sister wanted to keep it . 
 it would be worth a few coin at the market in glimma . 
 rhyme rolled his eyes at uli . 
 `` please , you have like a million of those rocks , uli . 
 just leave sadie alone . 
 i promise i 'll find you a new rock . '' 
 rhyme waved his stick unthreateningly at the yellow-haired deity . 
 `` no ! 
 she has to give it back ! '' 
 uli shook the base of the tree . 
 his root-like feet climbed up the bark and came within inches of sadie . 
 she screamed as they grabbed at her ankles . 
 `` fine , uli ! 
 let sadie get down ! '' 
 rhyme said . 
 the deity backed away , and the roots slowly twisted back down to the ground . 
 sadie climbed down , her mouth curved into an angry scowl . 
 `` ca n't he just let me have one ? 
 i just want to buy some new shoes . '' 
 she huffed as she handed the rock to rhyme . 
 rhyme handed it over with a shake of his head . 
 `` you 're pitiful , '' he said to the deity . 
 uli grabbed the rock and dove beneath the ground . 
 he disappeared in a burst of muddy soil . 
 it sprayed sadie , muddying her clean dress and hit rhyme 's shirt . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 rhyme covered his mouth to hide the laugh that threatened to spill out . 
 sadie and rhyme made their way toward their hut , his sister still muttering under her breath about uli 's selfishness . 
 rhyme stepped in the door , and the breath was knocked from his lungs . 
 his fad ' ra juda was home . 
 he lay sprawled on the couch , a bottle of wine in his hand . 
 his green-golden eyes snapped open when they came in the door . 
 `` whereya been ? '' 
 he slurred with a wave of his bottle . 
 his white hair streaked with green was matted with sweat and filth . 
 rhyme tucked his little sister behind him . 
 `` outside , '' rhyme answered for both of them . 
 juda noticed the mud that stained their clothes . 
 `` why you go ruining your clothes ? '' 
 he staggered to his feet , the wine sloshing on his dirty tan shirt . 
 he swore as he saw the stain appear like a drop of blood . 
 `` look what you made me do ! '' 
 he slammed the bottle down . 
 the wine exploded , bursting into tiny shards all over the floor . 
 he reached over and grabbed the front of rhyme 's shirt and lifted him up into the air . 
 `` you playing with your crazy friends again ? 
 i 've told you to stop that ! '' 
 `` they 're real , fad ' ra . 
 they 're real deities , '' rhyme tried to explain . 
 `` now , you 're dragging your sister into this ? 
 you 're coming with me , pup , '' he snarled with a sinister look on his face . 
 rhyme knew what was coming -- this was routine . 
 his fad ' ra threw him against the shards of glass and began to throw his fists at him , one blow after another . 
 sadrien screamed and hid in the furthest corner of the room . 
 her big brother 's blood began to mix with the spilt wine . 
 `` i 've told you to stop talking to them ! '' 
 juda lifted his son . 
 `` i 'm sorry , fad ' ra , '' rhyme croaked through his bloody lips . 
 `` stop acting crazy ! '' 
 juda shoved his son back into the glass and strut from the room . 
 *** rhyme lay awake listening to his little sister 's muffled sobs . 
 it was like a shard of glass cutting his heart . 
 he could n't move to comfort her , his body still recovering from the painful blows his fad ' ra had given him . 
 sadie had picked the glass from his back and wrapped his wounds carefully . 
 `` sadie . '' 
 his voice sounded hoarse to his own ears . 
 she lay adjacent to him , trembling . 
 `` it 's my fault , rhyme . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have taken uli 's rock . 
 we would n't have gotten dirty and fad ' ra -- '' her voice broke and she started sobbing into her pillow again . 
 `` fad ' ra would have beaten me anyways . 
 it 's fine . '' 
 rhyme 's face felt swollen , so he stopped talking for awhile . 
 `` why did n't he punish me ? 
 it was n't your fault ! '' 
 rhyme shushed her with a wave of his hand . 
 `` sadie , i would rather him beat me than you . 
 i can handle it . '' 
 rhyme felt the pain ripple through his shoulder as the bone popped back into place . 
 he moaned in anguish . 
 sadie came out of bed and put a hand to his forehead . 
 `` you alright ? '' 
 her white and lavender curls hung around her baby face . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 go to sleep . 
 it will just take a little longer than normal . 
 he put my shoulders out of place that 's all . '' 
 rhyme clenched his fist under the covers as the other shoulder popped . 
 his mind flickered to his older brother oni’on . 
 why did n't he come home ? 
 he pushed those thoughts aside . 
 sadie grabbed his hand , her eyes filled with guilt and pain . 
 he looked away from her . 
 he was fine . 
 *** golden sunlight filtered through the window of the small hut , making rhyme stir from his deep sleep . 
 he heard a voice bickering just beyond his door and groaned . 
 he pressed his hand against his chest , noticing that the wounds were almost all faded . 
 who was arguing ? 
 he shoved his feet out of bed and winced . 
 he rolled his neck and stretched his taut muscles . 
 `` rhyme ... '' a voice cooed from the window . 
 a girl covered in a lacy cloak , stared at him with piercing green eyes . 
 her fingers ran along the windowsill creating tiny flowering buds . 
 `` venna , i ca n't ... i ... '' he tried to say , `` if my fad ' ra sees me talking to you , he 'll punish me again . 
 maybe later . '' 
 he managed to stand to his feet , his head swirling from loss of blood . 
 `` you 're hurt ! '' 
 she stepped inside the hut with a rush of wind . 
 her fingers carefully brushed his shoulder . 
 `` you ... should n't let him do that , rhyme . '' 
 she skipped around his room , a flowery smell drafting behind her . 
 `` i ca n't stop him . 
 if i defend myself , he might hurt sadie instead . '' 
 he shoved his pants on and brushed his shoulder length white-red hair out of his face . 
 `` do you wish me to dispose of him for you ? '' 
 she crunched her foot down on a scomperoo that had scurried into his room unnoticed by him . 
 `` no . '' 
 he shouldered into his red shirt and tried to brush off the dirt from the day before . 
 `` you could take care of this . '' 
 he pointed at the dirt stain on his clothes and scattered on the floor . 
 `` yes , of course ! '' 
 she smiled at him and touched the floor with her bare foot . 
 the dirt soaked into her leg and disappeared . 
 she brushed his shirt with the tip of one finger . 
 the stain wrapped around her slender wrist and swirled into her skin . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he smiled as she whirled out the window with a giggle . 
 rhyme stepped into the kitchen and saw his fad ' ra arguing with some man . 
 he was thin and wiry , but rhyme could tell that he was sly . 
 he was trying to get coin out of his drunken fad ' ra . 
 rhyme avoided them easily and stepped out into the morning air . 
 he spotted sadrien playing in a tree . 
 her giggles were infectious as little scruffs climbed on top of her . 
 `` that tickles ! '' 
 one of the little creatures licked her cheek . 
 he smiled at her . 
 `` are you hungry , sadie ? '' 
 three deities instantly swirled around him , their glowing orbs for eyes twinkling like stars . 
 `` can you play ? '' 
 they asked him in unison . 
 he ignored them , helping his little sister out of the tree . 
 `` a little . '' 
 `` i have some coin . 
 let 's go into glimma today and buy some food . '' 
 he grabbed her hand and started walking toward the village where his brother lived . 
 cold eyes stared at rhyme as he walked briskly into the midst of glimma . 
 the villagers were always unfriendly to him and his family . 
 he knew what they thought of his fad ' ra . 
 he felt the heavy weight of the pink stone in his pouch . 
 he 'd snatched it from uli when he was n't looking . 
 he needed to buy his baby sister some shoes and a satchel full of food for their hut . 
 zares bustled around him , bumping into him and sadrien . 
 he kept her close to his side as he walked toward the merchants who were loudly shouting their products to everyone . 
 he exchanged the rock for a bag of coin . 
 sadie pulled on his hand at the sight of a booth that was full of colorful dresses and shoes . 
 `` rhyme ! '' 
 she twitched with excitement . 
 he glanced at the price and grimaced . 
 that was everything they had . 
 `` sadie , we have to look somewhere else . '' 
 he ushered her toward another less expensive booth . 
 a loud clambering noise startled rhyme as he sifted through some dresses for his little sister . 
 they 'd already purchased her a new pair of shoes . 
 sadie jumped beside him , her head turning sharply . 
 loud shouts echoed throughout the streets as a man swung his fists at anyone who was near him . 
 `` where are they ? 
 they stole my coin ! 
 i 'll kill that little worge-eater ! '' 
 juda 's voice hit rhyme in the gut . 
 his fad ' ra was looking for them . 
 he grabbed sadie 's hand , clutching a purple dress in his fist . 
 onlookers crowded the market as his fad ' ra made a fool of himself for all to see . 
 rhyme weaved his way back toward the dredge forest -- within feet of his escape . 
 `` get back here ! '' 
 rhyme froze , his little sister whimpering beside him . 
 juda thundered his way toward them , grabbed rhyme by the arm , and pulled him out of sadie 's grasp . 
 she stumbled back and fell onto the dirt . 
 he shoved rhyme down into the dusty ground . 
 a crowd started to gather around the commotion juda was causing . 
 he kicked rhyme in the side . 
 rhyme tried to get to his feet , but another blow kept him down . 
 `` leave the boy alone ! '' 
 a voice snapped from the crowd , but juda left it unheard . 
 he hovered over his son like a storm cloud , his body trembling with fury . 
 `` you stole from me ! '' 
 he brought his fist into rhyme 's face with a loud crunching noise . 
 the people around them gasped in horror . 
 rhyme cried out in pain . 
 `` i did n't steal anything from you ! 
 go home , fad ' ra ! '' 
 he got to his feet , swaying slightly . 
 juda scooped up a thick stick that lay on the ground and swung it toward rhyme with long arcs . 
 rhyme jumped back , knocking into several boys that had been standing too close . 
 he dodged the blows with an agile twist . 
 something behind his fad ' ra caught his attention . 
 a whirlwind of blue and purple dust swirled . 
 a powerful , glowing figure was in the center of it . 
 da ’n ea held out a glowing white staff ; the bark was intertwined with deity markings . 
 `` da ’n ea ! '' 
 he called to her , trying to maneuver around his abusive fad ' ra . 
 `` rhyme ! 
 your gift from the deities ! '' 
 she said with a shrill sound . 
 she tossed the staff in the air , the wind carrying it toward him . 
 juda caught up to his son , throwing a punch to his gut . 
 rhyme doubled over , fell to the ground , his fad ' ra pinning him with his knee , the staff clambering just out of reach . 
 a child touched the weapon then backed away as it shriveled like a wizened elder . 
 the crowd began to murmur not seeing where the staff had come from . 
 `` da ’n ea ! '' 
 rhyme said with fear as he saw the deity fade in and out . 
 she was n't supposed to be so far from the dredge forest . 
 `` get out of here ! '' 
 the girl danced with anxiety around his fad ' ra and him , trying to pick the staff back up , but her translucent fingers slipped right through it . 
 `` use it ! '' 
 with a twist of dust , she flew back toward the darkness of the forest . 
 `` this madness must stop ! '' 
 juda pressed a sharp stone to his son 's head . 
 `` even if i have to cut it out of you ! '' 
 the crowd gathered around them , but no one raised a finger to help rhyme . 
 that was n't the way it worked in glimma -- parents could do as they pleased with their children . 
 sadie suddenly screamed as her fad ' ra sliced the sharp rock across rhyme 's exposed head . 
 rhyme 's fist fell open , and the purple garment fell from his grasp . 
 juda stood to his feet . 
 his son would be fine . 
 he glanced at the stick that lay dull and shriveled in the sunlight , sniffed , and spat out the corner of his mouth . 
 he wrenched his daughter 's hand into his own and dragged her away . 
 `` rhyme ! 
 you killed rhyme ! '' 
 sadie screamed and desperately pulled against her fad ' ra 's hand . 
 `` he 's fine . 
 it was just a scratch , '' juda muttered as he shoved past the crowd of disapproving people . 
 chapter 13 cool hands touched rhyme 's skin . 
 he could hear someone singing an airy song . 
 what happened ? 
 he moaned and suddenly remembered . 
 sadie ! 
 his eyes flew open and he sat upright . 
 he regretted it instantly , his head swam . 
 `` whoa ... lie back down , '' an elderly voice said , touching his forehead once more . 
 `` sadie ... '' he moaned . 
 `` your fad ' ra took her home . '' 
 rhyme 's eyes finally focused on a wizened face , a white beard , and pure golden eyes . 
 a priest ? 
 he touched his head and winced . 
 `` your fad ' ra cut you pretty deep . 
 it will take time to recover from the wound . 
 you should lie still until it heals . '' 
 rhyme lay back down carefully and stared up at the tall ceiling that arched high above him . 
 `` is this yours ? '' 
 the priest held out a stick wrapped in a cloth . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 rhyme 's voice came out hoarse . 
 the priest put the stick down beside him and turned to leave the room . 
 `` thank you , elder . '' 
 the priest paused for a long moment . 
 `` you saw one did n't you ? '' 
 great concern filled his eyes . 
 `` saw one ? '' 
 `` a dissolved deity . 
 you said her name , da ’n ea . 
 i 've read about every dissolved deity that inhabits the dredge forest . '' 
 `` she made this staff for me as a gift . '' 
 rhyme swallowed the lump in his throat at the thought of da ’n ea and her fading body . 
 he hoped she had made it back to the dredge forest safely without fading from jade completely . 
 `` it 's impossible to see da ’n ea . 
 she 's dissolved , '' the priest said as if rhyme was dense . 
 `` the deities do n't dissolve if they stay in their domain , '' rhyme explained as he picked up the staff and held onto it . 
 it began to glow and thrum in his hand as if alive . 
 the priest let out a curse and jumped back from rhyme . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 rhyme sensed the priest 's fear . 
 `` is that glossmer wood ? '' 
 he asked . 
 rhyme turned the wood over in his hand . 
 `` i think so . 
 she just told me she could make me a gift with it , '' rhyme said . 
 `` how often do you see deities ? '' 
 rhyme closed his eyes thinking of all the deities that inhabited his world . 
 `` all the time , elder . '' 
 the priest 's eyes widened , and he backed away from the boy . 
 `` how is that possible ? '' 
 *** rhyme drifted in and out of sleep as his body recovered from the wound his fad ' ra had inflicted . 
 he heard singing and briefly opened his eyes . 
 venna stared at him with her green eyes , her lacy cloak slipped over her locks . 
 `` are you ill , rhyme ? 
 why have n't you returned home ? '' 
 she dipped her head down , her dark brown colored tresses sweeping his cheek . 
 `` is sadie alright ? '' 
 he asked , ignoring her question about him . 
 `` sadie ? 
 oh . 
 yes . 
 i think so . '' 
 venna seemed confused as she stared at him . 
 `` your head is wounded . '' 
 her eyes darkened . 
 `` who did this to you ? '' 
 her body began to glow , and her graceful fingers filled with a green energy . 
 `` it was my fad ' ra . 
 why are you here ? 
 is n't it dangerous for you to be here ? '' 
 he sat up slightly but slid back down when his head swam . 
 `` i miss you ... '' she flew up and around him , her lacy cloak fluttering . 
 she hovered above his bed and touched his face gently . 
 `` i wish ... things were different . 
 i -- '' she glanced up sharply at the sound of footsteps . 
 the priest stood in the doorway . 
 `` who are you talking to , boy ? '' 
 venna 's eyes narrowed in frustration , and her fingers curled into sharp points . 
 `` venna , '' rhyme said before he thought about it . 
 the priest trembled with fear . 
 `` venna ? 
 venna ? '' 
 he dropped the scroll that he 'd been holding . 
 `` you see venna in here right now ? '' 
 rhyme nodded , wondering why the news upset the priest so much . 
 `` get out of my temple ! 
 you blaspheme this sacred ground ! '' 
 his hands glowed with hot light by the second . 
 `` get out ! '' 
 he shoved rhyme off the cot and covered his own body in a brilliant light . 
 rhyme caught himself and staggered to his feet . 
 blood dripped down his cut and mixed with his hair . 
 `` you 're not going to let me recover ? '' 
 rhyme asked dumbfounded . 
 venna screeched at the priest who held the light orbs in front of him like a shield . 
 rhyme still held the glowing staff . 
 `` i want no part of this curse you have brought into my temple ! 
 glossmer is a weapon only a deity can wield and venna ... '' the priest did n't finish as he faced a golden bowl full of dripping oil , his lips moving in prayer . 
 `` you have been touched in your mind . 
 you are cursed with the deities ' touch . '' 
 rhyme managed to walk toward the door , still clutching the gift da ’n ea had given to him . 
 venna had gone back to the dredge forest , hissing toward the priest . 
 rhyme nearly fell into the street as the door to the temple slammed shut behind him . 
 he stared up at the pinnacle of the temple and trembled . 
 el ' yi 's priest 's words reverberated in his mind over and over . 
 he was cursed . 
 rhyme stared at the staff in his hand . 
 `` da ’n ea , what is this ? '' 
 the noise of the market began to intensify as people murmured around him . 
 he heard whispers and could feel the villagers ' eyes boring into him . 
 they must have seen him getting tossed out of el ' yi 's temple . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 one man motioned toward the staff in rhyme 's hand as the young boy dusted himself off . 
 `` it looks valuable . 
 give it here , pup . '' 
 he laughed to a couple of his friends near him . 
 rhyme recognized them as the village bullies . 
 `` no . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes . 
 a man with purple and white hair and a scar running along his cheek stepped forward , trying to intimidate rhyme . 
 `` well , then i 'll take it from your bloody , broken hand . '' 
 the man cracked his knuckles and moved forward with a laugh from his group of friends . 
 the glossmer weapon began to glow , startling the man back a step . 
 `` whoa ! 
 impressive trick , did your mad ' ra teach you that ? 
 too bad i learned the same trick from her last night . '' 
 the man made crude gestures and gained jeering laughter from behind him . 
 `` leave me be . '' 
 rhyme tried to make his way around the group of men but was shoved back by one . 
 `` where you going ? 
 you 're not leaving until i have that staff . 
 plus , maybe tonight i 'll have your mad ' ra again . 
 she was mighty good . '' 
 he lunged forward at rhyme , trying to grab hold of the staff . 
 rhyme darted around him easily and jumped back several feet . 
 he heard the sounds of the young man 's friends ' laughter . 
 `` he 's like a wind sprite . 
 maybe we should give him a dress to match his dainty feet , kod ! '' 
 said a white and orange haired man with a scruffy face . 
 `` i 'll dress him when he 's dead , '' kod said and smiled at some women that had gathered to watch the show . 
 he swung his fists at rhyme 's face . 
 rhyme ducked and with light feet avoided kod . 
 `` why do n't you use your little stick , pup ? '' 
 kod laughed and motioned toward his friends . 
 someone threw him a roughly made rusty sword . 
 `` come on . '' 
 `` i do n't want to hurt you , '' rhyme said , feeling the pressure of the circle of kod 's friends closing in around him . 
 the sun beat down on rhyme scorching his face , sweat dripping in his eyes . 
 `` i want that staff . '' 
 `` no , you do n't . '' 
 rhyme tried to escape the circle again but ran right into the arms of one of the other men who shoved him back toward kod . 
 `` come on , take a swing at me . '' 
 kod swung his sword and managed to cut rhyme 's shirt open . 
 blood trickled from the gash , dripping onto the dusty ground . 
 rhyme hissed in pain and the glossmer staff glowed brighter . 
 `` fight me ! '' 
 `` hey , is n't he juda 's son ? 
 does n't he have a sister ? 
 pretty little thing too . '' 
 `` you leave sadie out of this ! '' 
 rhyme felt anger brew underneath the surface . 
 `` that sweet little thing would make a good bed warmer for me . 
 i probably could convince that drunk of a fad ' ra of yours to sell her to me as my little whore , '' kod boasted , swinging his sword again . 
 his broad chest puffed up , as he obscenely made motions . 
 `` do n't you dare touch sadie ! '' 
 rhyme swung the staff , and it whistled through the air shrilly . 
 the sound caught kod off-guard , and he stumbled back in surprise . 
 his friends shouted insults , the circle getting tighter . 
 a blinding light emanated from the staff , so that rhyme could hardly see his opponent in front of him . 
 pain shot across his back as the sword was plunged into his flesh . 
 he screamed in anguish , swinging the staff around him , knocking kod off his feet with a hissing noise . 
 he heard the man curse and fall on his back with a thud . 
 rhyme stumbled , his lungs aching . 
 another man advanced and swiped a sword across rhyme 's exposed chest . 
 a deep wound opened , dirtying the ground around them . 
 kod 's friends closed the circle off , throwing punches at the young boy . 
 rhyme clutched the staff , burying his face into the dusty ground . 
 `` da ’n ea , '' he whispered . 
 darkness swarmed his mind . 
 *** `` rhyme ... rhyme ... '' a voice whispered over and over . 
 rhyme stirred . 
 someone giggling made him moan . 
 he tried to get his body to cooperate . 
 what had happened ? 
 his memories jumbled together in his head as he managed to open his eyes and look around . 
 he was in the middle of the dredge forest . 
 how had he gotten here ? 
 he looked down and saw that the staff was still clutched in his hand . 
 he trembled in fear . 
 why did n't he remember anything ? 
 how had he gotten here ? 
 he leaned up against an ilis tree , drawing in a deep breath . 
 he touched his head and felt that it was completely healed . 
 he looked at the staff again . 
 `` da ’n ea ? '' 
 he whispered into the misty forest . 
 a sobbing sound bounced off the trees until it hit him in the chest . 
 `` da ’n ea ! '' 
 he called louder , holding the weapon up . 
 it illuminated the trees around him . 
 he looked up into the moss-covered branches and saw pale faces peeking at him between the lush leaves . 
 he tried to find the deity 's familiar face . 
 a sob gripped his attention and his feet hit the ground with quick steps . 
 her crying continued , until he rested beneath a great tree with white roots twisted all around it like veins . 
 `` rhyme ? 
 did you get it ? 
 did you get my weapon ? '' 
 her voice sounded far off , her face fading in and out of the white glossmer tree . 
 her fingers reached through the trunk and touched his cheek gently . 
 `` you must complete your training . '' 
 her eyes grew misty with tears . 
 `` learn how to use it . 
 you must learn how to use it . 
 venna ... '' her fingers slipped back into the tree trunk . 
 with a sigh , her face disappeared . 
 `` da ’n ea ? 
 what about venna ? '' 
 rhyme touched the tree where her face had just been . 
 he let his hand fall to his side and stared at the weapon the dissolved deity had given him . 
 chapter 14 dredge forest scrowl fixated his gaze on the far edge of the forest . 
 his ears flickered back and forth , his nostrils flaring with the oddity of the smell that was coming closer and closer . 
 he would have to make a decision and soon . 
 he would either have to strike to kill or turn and flee at this moment . 
 he opted for the kill since the smell was something that intrigued him . 
 he was slender , tall , scaly , gray skinned , and had teeth as sharp as a razor . 
 his ears were the only part of his body that was covered in a thick black fur and a thin tail twitched methodically , balancing his posture . 
 he could hear the scuffling of the creature he hunted . 
 he would prove once and for all that they did exist . 
 the hunter instinct took over , and he leapt forward . 
 his legs transformed into scaly hided claws , his face contorting downward into a long scaled snout . 
 he came face to face with the rummaging creature and paused for a brief second . 
 it was a pup -- little more than a week old he suspected . 
 whenever there was a pup around that meant a mother was near . 
 suddenly , his impulse to kill was overridden with his need to survive . 
 this had been a bad idea . 
 he saw the pup out of the corner of his eye and heard a throaty growl . 
 his life flashed before him , the mouth of a powerful creature coming straight at his face . 
 darkness followed . 
 otsana dredge forest wolfinic village otsana picked the flesh from her teeth with her clawed paw , her black eyes gazing lovingly over her small pup . 
 she 'd seen the hunter ages ago , but she just figured she 'd give the worge a few moments of glory before eating him . 
 he was n't unpleasant to her tongue , but neither did she crave the scaly creatures . 
 shema growled playfully up at her . 
 otsana picked her up by the scruff and flung her mirthfully into the air . 
 the wolfinic pup barked as she landed safely back on her paws . 
 otsana pressed her big wet nose into her pup 's stomach and snuffed . 
 `` shema , it 's time to sleep . 
 we must go , lil ' flower . '' 
 she gripped the pup by the scruff once more and flung her up onto her back . 
 shema nipped at her mama 's ear and let out a content growl . 
 *** otsana covered shema up by a fur . 
 the small pup curled up and closed her eyes . 
 a low chuckle resounded somewhere behind her . 
 `` i saw that , love , '' said a scratchy voice . 
 `` i thought the poor thing deserved a chance to at least see his prey . 
 i would never have let him come too close to her . '' 
 a toothy smile spread across otsana 's face , her thick copper and black fur covered most of her long nose , and her tangled fur was encrusted with mud . 
 `` i know ... '' said mur . 
 his blue-black fur with silver tips twisted around his body in knots , and his yellowed teeth formed a grin back . 
 he rubbed his nose into his mate 's neck her loud yips of joy filling the walls of their home . 
 *** cold darkness struck otsana 's heart like a dagger . 
 it drove deeper until rivers of black mist flowed down her ragged chest . 
 visions flashed over and over of horror scenes . 
 a whimper escaped her lips as she ran toward a light . 
 the darkness pressed on her from every side . 
 a pool of blood lay before her and inside it laid her pup , her fur shredded . 
 her head arched back in anguish , and a long howl escaped her lips . 
 she bent down , trying to nudge the pup back to life . 
 otsana awoke with a start . 
 her breath came out in quick short huffs . 
 her dark eyes instantly went to the corner where shema lay curled up on warm furs . 
 the panic she felt in the dream had seeped over into reality . 
 tears slipped down from the corners of her eyes . 
 to satisfy her own pain , she quietly pressed her nose into shema 's coarse fur and inhaled the pup 's smell . 
 `` the night visions ... will not be true , love . 
 i wo n't let them be true , '' she whispered through her tears . 
 her tongue gently licked the pup 's face . 
 shema yipped in her sleep and turned over . 
 *** the village of the wolfinics was always noisy . 
 pups swatted at each other , their playful yips filling the air with jubilance . 
 roughly hewn houses were jutting apart from each other , their contents inside filled with bits and scraps . 
 otsana smiled to herself at the thought of the foolish worge who had it in his mind to capture one of them . 
 the scaly things were n't the brightest creatures on jade that was for sure . 
 she chuckled , shook her mangy head back and forth , licked her chops , and remembered the meal . 
 suddenly , something thumped against her back leg . 
 she turned her head to see a disoriented pup . 
 `` hello there , disil . '' 
 she nudged the pup to make sure he was n't injured and licked his face . 
 `` you 'll be alright . 
 you must look before you leap ! '' 
 she said in a good-natured tone . 
 the little male pup smiled , his tongue lolling out of his slobbery mouth . 
 otsana continued walking as she saw the little pup bound away just as happy as ever . 
 they had every right to be happy and playful ; they had n't matured into the visions yet . 
 at the thought of her pup seeing the things she 'd seen since maturity , she shuddered . 
 elder pois saw her and grinned . 
 `` otsana ! 
 welcome ! 
 refreshing to watch are n't they ? '' 
 the female was completely white except her nose which was a coal black . 
 `` my own daughter went out with me . '' 
 otsana nudged the older wolfinic in affection . 
 `` oh , how they grow ! 
 in just a bit of time they are chasing the males ! '' 
 elder pois said . 
 the smile seemed to slide from the elderly wolfinic 's face , and otsana knew that she was having a vision . 
 elder pois stood frozen , her eyes turning white . 
 when the elder came back to her senses , otsana saw a look of confusion cross her face . 
 `` i must -- be going ... '' she said , forgetting to give the affectionate nudge before leaving . 
 otsana found her thoughts turning to last night 's vision . 
 her mind shut down the possibility that the elder had seen the same thing . 
 otsana licked her fur roughly trying to push the thoughts from her mind . 
 if the elder had seen something concerning shema , she would have said so . 
 it must have been something else that had distracted her from the typical friendship gestures . 
 rhyme zare territory rhyme stood outside his fad ' ra 's hut contemplating what he was about to do . 
 did he dare step back into that place ? 
 what about sadie ? 
 he heard deities whispering around him but ignored them -- they were trying to warn him . 
 was da ’n ea permanently dissolved ? 
 her last words to him drove into his skull over and over . 
 but how was he supposed to learn to use the staff ? 
 what exactly did venna have to do with it ? 
 and why had it made the priest so full of fear ? 
 he could hear someone screaming as he got near the door of the hut . 
 his heart began to panic . 
 sadrien ! 
 all anxiety was replaced with concern for his sister . 
 he flung open the door and winced as he saw sadie curled up in the corner of the room trembling . 
 broken furniture lay scattered all over the floor . 
 when he stepped in , juda 's face curled into a sick smile . 
 `` welcome home , pup . '' 
 his fingers curled around sadie 's arm . 
 he yanked her to her feet ; bruises of his abuse were up and down her body . 
 anger erupted from rhyme , he pulled the staff da ’n ea had given him in front of him and swung it with precision . 
 the end hit his fad ' ra right off his feet . 
 juda landed with a loud thud , roared in anger , rolled back to his feet , and charged his son . 
 sadie screamed , getting out of their way as the two crashed together in a blaze of motion . 
 rhyme 's smaller frame gave him the disadvantage , but he was faster than his fad ' ra . 
 he twisted out of juda 's grasp and landed another blow with his glossmer staff . 
 juda howled in pain , and rhyme heard a strange hissing noise . 
 he turned his head sharply as a burn mark appeared on his fad ' ra 's chest . 
 `` get out of here ! 
 you wretched worge-dung ! '' 
 juda shook his fist . 
 he touched the burn mark and winced in pain . 
 `` not without her . '' 
 rhyme pointed at sadie , who had tear stains on her cheeks . 
 she tried coming to rhyme , but juda blocked her with his arm . 
 `` no . 
 she stays . 
 you go . 
 i do n't want you in my house . '' 
 rhyme could see that his fad ' ra actually believed sadie was better off with him than her crazy brother . 
 `` give me sadie . '' 
 rhyme held the glossmer staff firmly , staring his fad ' ra down . 
 `` come and take her then ! '' 
 juda grabbed sadie by the hair and held a sharp stone to her throat . 
 she cried in fear , squirming in his arms . 
 `` if you take her , i will find her , and no one in glimma will stop me from beating her to death . '' 
 `` give her to me ! 
 you 're hurting her ! '' 
 rhyme 's face burned with fire , and the staff was glowing with a ravishing light . 
 `` get out of my house . '' 
 juda pressed the stone closer to sadie 's throat and twisted her arm to the point of breaking . 
 the little girl began to sob . 
 `` no , fad ' ra , no ... '' she whimpered in pain . 
 the glaze of red began to fade as rhyme saw what was happening before his eyes . 
 his fad ' ra would kill her . 
 he had no choice but to leave his baby sister behind . 
 `` fine . '' 
 *** rhyme made his way toward the door . 
 he shouldered a satchel , a fistful of coin , the gift from da ’n ea , and a deep scowl on his young face . 
 he swept past his younger sister on the way , her hands clawing at his leg . 
 `` rhyme , rhyme , where are you going ? 
 do n't leave me ! 
 please do n't leave me ! '' 
 she said through her tears . 
 her golden-lavender eyes pleaded with him . 
 he unlatched her fingers from his leg and bent down to her sun-kissed face . 
 `` i have to leave , sadie . 
 i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 his short haired fad ' ra stood in the doorframe of the kitchen . 
 `` do n't come back ! '' 
 rhyme did n't look back as he slammed out the door and into the whipping wind . 
 where would he go ? 
 all he could think of as he looked up into the trees was sadie . 
 the sound of her sobs racked through his mind like claws . 
 would his fad ' ra beat her ? 
 there is nothing i can do about it now . 
 his fad ' ra was an abuser , and always would be an abuser until the day el ' yi took him -- which rhyme hoped was sooner rather than later . 
 he shook with anger as he heard his fad ' ra start screaming again . 
 poor sadrien . 
 he tried not to think about it . 
 his feet fell onto the hard packed ground . 
 warmth flooded rhyme 's skin as he stepped onto glimma 's border . 
 valleys rippled with red and purple briani flowers , a giant wave of color against the silver blue grass . 
 why they did n't live in glimma was his fad ' ra 's fault . 
 after his fad ' ra went so far into debt that he went to the icer king for help , his family had been forced to move from his home seven years ago . 
 the land they currently lived on was barely heated enough to support his family 's warm-blooded bodies . 
 it had been just a portion of the exchange they had made for juda to get out of debt . 
 a bitter taste filled rhyme 's mouth as his feet hit the spongy grass that hungrily wrapped around his ankles . 
 he could n't give it what it longed for . 
 light . 
 it swooshed around him as he made his way toward glimma village . 
 trees stretched out their twisted multi-colored arms around him . 
 the sun broke through the branches making splotches of dancing light on rhyme 's tan face . 
 white , purple , and golden gracor birds with long beaks jumped from branch to branch as he walked . 
 they hissed their hello . 
 their giant wings filled the air above him as they took off into the air together . 
 it was a good ways to the main part of the village , and he was n't familiar with the warrior training . 
 he longed for it more than air , to be able to bend the light and make his feet move as fast as the wind like the ancient legends spoke of . 
 he 'd heard rumors that there were warriors that came and went in the village , but it was hard to believe when he 'd never seen them in his lifetime . 
 his mad ' ra used to tell him stories of his grandfa ' who 'd been a warrior and had disappeared one evening without returning . 
 his elder brother oni’on lived in glimma -- where exactly he was n't sure . 
 rhyme hoped that his brother had changed in the last seven years . 
 he had done exactly what rhyme did to sadie . 
 left . 
 rhyme had felt betrayed having to face his fad ' ra 's wrath alone . 
 he approached the open square , zare children with white and streaks of colored hair bolted across the streets . 
 they chased each other , their jubilant calls ringing back and forth . 
 doghins , an animal with spotted , short fur , an elongated nose , multiple long fuzzy ears , and yellow eyes that shimmered , raced behind them nipping at their heels . 
 rhyme felt a breeze blow by him and jumped in surprise as a blur of wind sprites danced around him . 
 he 'd forgotten to watch for the little creatures . 
 their tiny faces , dancing hair , sharp fingers , and ever changing colorful bodies swirled around him . 
 he lightened his mood to war them off , since they were attracted to sorrow . 
 he saw their multi-colored bodies twist away riding on the wind . 
 chapter 15 glimma village was a hubbub of noise and color . 
 merchants flashed their wares trying to sell their products for any amount of coin customers would offer . 
 rhyme had hardly any coin to his name , but most zares would hire a young boy to haul wood , help clear property , or any other backbreaking task . 
 he would have to offer his services once he found a place to sleep . 
 he wandered through the streets for quite some time before an elder distracted him . 
 he was covered with a sack , and his white hair was full of ash . 
 `` be prepared ! 
 the end is near ! 
 the battle of our lives is upon us ! 
 learn the ways of the light ! '' 
 his scratchy voice was hardly heard as he waved his skinny arms like a banner . 
 rhyme had wanted to be trained in the light since he was three-years-old , despite his fad ' ra 's outcry against it . 
 very few warriors were left on jade , if any . 
 rhyme hoped that at least one remained . 
 he passed a booth that was selling rare medicines , their flashy colors boasted good health , love herbs , as well as various small bottles full of odds and ends . 
 a doghin suddenly darted in front of him . 
 he tried to steady himself but lost balance and fell into the back of a bigger young man . 
 the doghin raced away yelping its strange pitchy cry . 
 the younger man turned around , his hands shaking with anger . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 he caught a glimpse of rhyme , and his face turned into a sneer . 
 `` you looking for trouble , worge-breath ? '' 
 he crossed his arms over his broad chest . 
 rhyme shook his head , taking a step back . 
 his heel caught the edge of a wooden crate full of osa fruit causing him to stumble to the ground . 
 the fruit soared up into the air in sweeping purple streaks . 
 i should run , rhyme thought as the young man roared in outrage as the fruit came crashing down on top of his head . 
 rhyme scrambled to his feet and started running through the market . 
 the angry young man barreled behind him like a mammoi . 
 rhyme 's agile body zigzagged around people , carts , and animals . 
 he slipped into an alley and climbed up and over a wall . 
 he pressed himself against it quieting his breathing . 
 he heard the bigger zare romp by . 
 after awhile , he slipped from the alley and ran . 
 rhyme ambled past the temple , his eyes taking in the beauty of it . 
 the outside was covered in glistening gold gems , and the tower piqued into a seven-pointed star , the symbol of el ' yi -- zares came in and out every few minutes . 
 personally , rhyme thought the rituals were pointless . 
 one man caught his eye . 
 he was more massive than any zare rhyme had ever seen . 
 he had wide shoulders , a narrow face that looked like it had seen many battles , and scars that traveled along his skin like little rivers . 
 his hip boasted a jewel-encrusted weapon such as rhyme had never seen before . 
 the man 's cloak was embroidered with the fire embrodd , the flower of el ' yi . 
 he paused in mid-step to look down at rhyme who had n't even graced the stone steps of the temple . 
 fear crept up rhyme 's spine . 
 the man 's eyes glowed like blue fire and his skin shimmered in the sun . 
 a deity ? 
 if this deity was ever hostile rhyme was certain he could crush 50 men . 
 `` hello , boy . '' 
 the deity 's eyes shone with amusement at rhyme 's obvious discomfort . 
 `` come to pray ? '' 
 like a tower of strength , he stepped down the last few steps to be standing right in front of rhyme . 
 rhyme 's limbs trembled . 
 `` yes , '' he said around the dry lump in his throat . 
 the deity laughed heartily , slapping rhyme on the back . 
 `` i 'm not going to eat you . 
 i used to train warriors of the light . '' 
 `` my grandfa 's a warrior of the light . '' 
 the deity leaned down to rhyme 's height . 
 `` and who might he be ? '' 
 his white hair shone in the sunlight like fire . 
 `` pod lemno , '' rhyme said . 
 the great deity stood back up rubbing his chin . 
 `` i 've heard of him . 
 has he been found ? '' 
 rhyme shook his head back and forth . 
 `` do you want me to show you a trick ? '' 
 the great big deity stared into rhyme 's red-golden eyes with a grin . 
 all rhyme could do was nod . 
 the deity made two giant fists , his hands lighting with a brilliant glow as if someone had struck a flint . 
 they were the largest light orbs rhyme had ever seen . 
 his eyes filled with amazement as the man extinguished the lights with a clench of his hands . 
 `` did you like that ? '' 
 he asked with amusement caressing his voice . 
 he rubbed rhyme 's head with a smile and walked away . 
 `` excuse me ! '' 
 rhyme called out after the deity . 
 `` what is it , boy ? '' 
 he asked with a boisterous laugh . 
 `` where can i learn ? '' 
 rhyme 's heart beat faster as the deity came back toward him . 
 `` there is nothing to learn , the light is in you . '' 
 the man sparked a light orb in his hand and shot it up into the sky . 
 rhyme stared at him with confusion and longed for what this deity treated lightly . 
 `` oh . '' 
 that 's all he could think to say as the man turned from him with another hearty laugh and disappeared . 
 *** rhyme walked into the midst of the village market looking at each booth as he walked by . 
 a man sat behind a beautifully polished table , his double chin resting on his chest . 
 he turned his squinty golden-blue eyes to rhyme as he whittled a statue . 
 `` morning , '' he drawled , chipping away . 
 figurines with beautiful expressions dotted the table . 
 `` looking for a gift for your mad ' ra ? '' 
 the man asked with a glint in his eye . 
 he set what he was carving down and began a long run on explanation of each personal figurine . 
 `` thank you , sir , but i wanted to ask you a question , '' rhyme said quickly before the man could carry on another hour about his creations . 
 `` alright . '' 
 `` do you need a lumberjack ? 
 i 'm looking for a job . '' 
 the man stood to his feet , rubbing his fat chin . 
 `` well , boy , in fact i was just telling the wife this morning that i wanted to hire a boy to gather wood for me . 
 you got yourself a job . '' 
 he reached out his chubby hand and rhyme shook it . 
 `` thank you , sir ! '' 
 rhyme smiled . 
 the merchant sat back down and started carving again . 
 `` go inside our tent there , and my wife lilli will instruct you the types of wood i need . '' 
 he glanced at an off-white tent behind the booth . 
 upon entering , rhyme could smell several types of wood that lay gathered in piles . 
 it looked as if their supplies were running low . 
 `` good morning . 
 i 'm lilli , can i help you ? '' 
 asked a woman with a warm smile . 
 she was short and skinny , unlike her husband . 
 `` your husband hired me as a lumberjack . 
 he told me to ask you what kinds of wood i needed to gather , '' rhyme hurriedly explained . 
 the woman 's mouth curled into a genuine smile . 
 `` oh , that 's great news ! 
 come , i will make a list for you of what he needs . '' 
 she walked toward the back of the tent , pulled out a piece of parchment , and placed it on a table resting on the side of the room . 
 she grabbed a quill and an inkpot and began to make a list . 
 `` did he warn you of the dangers of this job ? '' 
 lilli raised her eyes to meet his . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` well , most of the rare types of wood are in the dredge forest . '' 
 she let the information sink in for a moment . 
 the dredge forest ? 
 rhyme thought as he stood there . 
 he 'd been there enough times with the deities , but he 'd heard rumors of other dangerous creatures that lurked in the forest . 
 he turned his attention back to her . 
 `` does the pay compensate ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 lilli handed him the list . 
 `` the pay is listed beside the types of wood , as well as where it 's found . 
 the dredge forest wood is something our customers constantly ask us for , so if you can gather it , then we will pay you the full amount listed . '' 
 she let him look at the list . 
 rhyme 's eyebrows went up at the pay . 
 `` you 'll pay me that much for just gathering wood ? '' 
 he asked her with suspicion . 
 lilli rubbed her hands on her apron and nodded . 
 `` we charge triple that amount . '' 
 `` i 'll do it . 
 thank you for the job , '' rhyme said . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 rhyme ducked back out of the tent . 
 the merchant motioned toward him . 
 `` did she give you the list ? '' 
 he asked . 
 rhyme nodded . 
 `` if you can gather ilis wood i will kiss you myself . 
 i 've had five customers this morning alone request it , and they told me they would pay highly for it . 
 i will make it well worth your efforts . 
 i have a mammoi and cart you can borrow when you go gather the wood . 
 just have it back as soon as you can . 
 my name is nikin jenson by the way . '' 
 the overweight zare smiled at him . 
 `` i 'm rhyme sulstic , it 's nice to meet you . 
 i 'll be sure and hurry back with the wood , sir . 
 thank you for the job . 
 do you know of an inn nearby where i could live ? '' 
 `` no need to search for that . 
 lilli and i own the living inn at the end of the road here . 
 we can remove the charges from what you gather . '' 
 rhyme could n't believe his good fortune . 
 he 'd found a job and a place to live in one sitting . 
 `` thank you again , mr. jenson . '' 
 `` oh , call me nikin . '' 
 the man waved as a customer came to the table . 
 he concentrated on the woman , leaving rhyme for a moment to stand there . 
 `` just go talk to lilli , and she 'll give you a key to your room . '' 
 `` thank you , '' rhyme responded , then walked back inside the tent , got his key , and headed toward the inn . 
 oni’on oni’on made his way through the village market , his eyes darting over the wares being displayed . 
 he scowled at the slave auctions . 
 his eye twitched at the sight of the young being sold because of debt . 
 his mind lingered on a girl from his childhood that had been sold to the icer king 's castle . 
 he 'd found himself falling for her , but when she 'd been sold as a slave it had been over before it began . 
 he understood that the zares had to eat , but selling their own children to that filthy king ? 
 he spat out the side of his mouth as he strode past , his jaw jerking . 
 he heard a little girl start crying when a sturdy looking man purchased her . 
 it was rare that a zare bought another zare , but it did happen on occasion . 
 generally , those in debt traveled to neuge city , the icer domain , and bartered with the king . 
 it made oni’on sick to think about it . 
 his mind wandered as he walked , so he almost did n't see a boy that stopped right in front of him . 
 it took him a moment to recognize him . 
 `` rhyme ? '' 
 `` oni’on ? '' 
 rhyme sized him up and down , his eyes widening with unbelief . 
 `` why are you here ? 
 why are n't you at home ? '' 
 `` i ca n't live there anymore fad ' ra kicked me out . '' 
 the street noise almost drowned out his younger brother 's words . 
 his look spoke volumes to his older brother . 
 oni’on recognized the same wounded expression that he himself had buried . 
 `` so , you just left sadie to herself ? '' 
 `` you did it ! '' 
 rhyme started walking away , but oni’on grabbed him by the shoulder . 
 `` you have to go back . 
 you have to be there for sadie . 
 she 's just a child , '' he stressed . 
 he still felt guilty for leaving his baby sister in his fad ' ra 's house . 
 he should have taken her and rhyme with him when he 'd walked out the door . 
 problem was oni’on was a mess himself . 
 he thought about a fight he 'd gotten into earlier and the constant whores . 
 he was turning into something he hated -- his fad ' ra . 
 his face screwed up into a stern look , leaning in close to rhyme . 
 `` you have to go home , and protect sadie . '' 
 `` i ca n't go back to him . 
 he said if i took sadie he 'd find us and beat her to death . '' 
 oni’on shoved his finger in his brother 's chest . 
 `` go , home . '' 
 he turned and walked away , hating himself for not turning to face the hopeless look on his baby brother 's face . 
 he did n't want to think of sadrien alone with his fad ' ra . 
 let rhyme be the hero . 
 `` it 's the best for him . '' 
 oni’on coaxed himself into believing as he waited outside the brothel for his coin 's worth . 
 his brow flexed as his younger brother 's voice echoed in his mind . 
 oni’on could never go back ; he would n't feel guilty either . 
 he just needed to drown out rhyme 's voice until all he felt was bliss . 
 the door opened , and a girl draped in a lacy garment and a painted up face gave him a seductive smile . 
 `` come in , '' she purred . 
 oni’on walked in , and his mind instantly slipped from his brother . 
 chapter 16 nahor neuge city icer castle crash ! 
 nahor ducked as a goblet shattered where his head had been a moment before . 
 his baby sister stelane was mad at him . 
 she was hardly a baby , so she kept repeating every day , but when she behaved like an infant he would treat her as such . 
 she was 13 and more grown up by the hour . 
 nahor saw ice forming on his sister 's fingertips and rolled his eyes . 
 would it come down to this ? 
 all he had said was that stelane was too young to like a boy . 
 it was as simple as that . 
 she was still a child . 
 crash ! 
 a saucer hit the wall , and the shards darted about him like tiny diamonds . 
 he reflected one easily with a shot of ice . 
 `` really , stelane ? 
 i mean come on . 
 you wonder why i tell father you 're still a child . 
 this tantrum needs to stop . '' 
 `` i hate you , nahor ! 
 you have no idea how hard it is for me here ! 
 there are no boys my age except these dull witted zare children ! '' 
 her voice rose in frequency as tears gathered in her deep amethyst colored eyes . 
 she reached for another saucer , and he held up his hand . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'll talk to father about it . '' 
 he brushed off the collar of his black shirt and crossed his arms . 
 `` it 's time for dinner , '' said a dull voice , breaking through their discussion . 
 a lean , brown-haired zare with milky eyes bowed . 
 silently , the two icers made their way to the dining hall . 
 king lowen king lowen delicately dabbed his mouth on a napkin as his two children joined the dinner table . 
 a slave bowed and then left them to their meal . 
 young zare slaves brought in trays of fresh elken meat , rolls of cheati bread , dripping golden flit gravy , and bowls of icy fruit . 
 his wife gal ' adryl drew her dark blue eyes over to him and gave him a brief smile . 
 she lifted a shaky hand toward her two children . 
 `` come give your mother a kiss before we eat , '' she said , her long light blonde tresses tied back with golden cords . 
 king lowen calmly watched the affectionate exchange his wife had with their children and felt a prick of regret . 
 he 'd always been a hard father , not affectionate as gal ' adryl was with them . 
 she 'd been the one to stay up with them when they were ill or comfort them when they were hurt , until she 'd started to grow ill . 
 after his two children joined them , they began to consume the fresh meal . 
 nahor nahor 's family ate silently , each enjoying the meal set before them . 
 nahor wiped his mouth off with a napkin and cleared his throat . 
 `` father , my carriage leaves on the fortnight . '' 
 king lowen took a bite of a piece of meat , the juices flowing into his short beard . 
 `` i will send you a post when i arrive , '' nahor said and watched his mother 's eyes dart to him in worry . 
 `` mother , i promise i 'll be home soon . '' 
 he watched his mother relax and continue eating her meal . 
 stelane gave him a heated look . 
 she did n't want him to leave her to face their father alone . 
 he did n't blame her really , but she was still a child , and she certainly did n't need a boy . 
 he knew exactly how a thirteen-year-old boy thought , and stelane deserved better than that . 
 but she would hate him if he did n't try to persuade their father to allow her to court before he left . 
 `` father , mother , before i head off i would like to propose a gathering for stelane . 
 she 's hardly a child anymore , and most girls her age are at least looking for a compatible mate . 
 i would help her write up an invitation to send off and attend as a guardian before i leave . 
 do you oppose to this ? '' 
 his words hung in the air for several moments . 
 he could see his father mulling over the information . 
 he knew where his father stood with his sister , but he had to help her survive this dungeon before he abandoned her with a mad mother and an indifferent father . 
 `` i suppose she is the age i was when i began to look for a mate . 
 nahor , if you help design the invitation i approve of stelane 's gathering , '' his mother said with a smile . 
 his father had his hands crossed beneath his chin , his two pointer fingers touching his lips , as his eyes scrunched with thought . 
 `` you 've heard my opinion on this matter before . 
 stelane is still a child . '' 
 he let the silence stretch . 
 `` but , if you organize it , nahor , then i agree to allow this gathering . '' 
 king lowen king lowen lay his head down in his chamber and stared out the window at the swirling snow . 
 the wind whistled outside like an insistent child . 
 he gently slipped his legs from beneath the covers , trying not to disturb his wife as he climbed out of bed . 
 he pressed his pale hand against the windowpane and frowned . 
 swirling icen pixies danced before him , their sharp angled faces contorting with hunger and rage . 
 they thrived on icer blood like vermin . 
 their tiny fingers and teeth could destroy an icer if there were enough of them . 
 he let out a long sigh . 
 he could n't believe he had allowed stelane to have a gathering . 
 it had been gal ' adryl 's doing . 
 her insistence had made him soft toward their young daughter . 
 stelane was a lot like her mother , wild and bull headed , but good inside through and through . 
 gal ' adryl had been more herself today . 
 he had to talk to deilia and ask her for her answer . 
 *** king lowen drew his wife against his chest , loving the feel of her willowy body against his own . 
 passion for her went through him and he kissed her . 
 the bed was soft beneath them as gal ' adryl leaned back into his embrace . 
 he swept her hair back from her face and smiled . 
 he adored this woman . 
 `` i love you , lowie , '' she said with a giggle and kissed him back . 
 instantly , king lowen drew her even closer . 
 maybe his beautiful wife would be alright . 
 maybe the croo disease would n't eat her soul from her . 
 she felt so perfect beside him . 
 he kissed her passionately once more . 
 the world around them seemed to stop as they got lost in each other . 
 king lowen 's need overwrote his usual caution of his wife 's disease , and he let himself feel complete . 
 when the moment had cooled , he pulled gal ' adryl to his chest . 
 she stiffened beneath his touch . 
 oh , el ' yi , no . 
 he rested a hand against her cheek . 
 `` you 're fine , lovely . 
 it 's just me , lowie , '' he reassured her . 
 `` do n't touch me ! 
 what did you do to me ? '' 
 she squirmed in panic . 
 `` gal ' adryl , '' he said soothingly , trying to calm her back down . 
 `` come on , darling . '' 
 he pulled her closer . 
 `` get away from me ! 
 where 's my beclyn ! 
 i want beclyn ! '' 
 tears began to pour from his wife 's eyes , breaking his heart into pieces . 
 why could n't he just love his wife like any other man ? 
 she pushed against his bare chest and clambered out of the bed , her bare body accented by the moons ' light . 
 `` leave me alone ! '' 
 king lowen flung his feet out of bed , grabbed the blanket , and pulled it around his trembling wife . 
 he quickly threw on his clothes . 
 `` i 'll find beclyn , sweetheart , i 'll find her . 
 you stay here . 
 i wo n't touch you . '' 
 king lowen 's face contorted with deep pain before he ran toward the door to find gal ' adryl 's caretaker . 
 *** beclyn rocked the queen against her chest , touching her face soothingly . 
 a soft song drifted from her lips . 
 `` hush now , beautiful , you are dreaming . 
 things are going to be better in the morning . 
 hush now , beautiful , you are dreaming . 
 things are going to be better in the morning . 
 the sun will shine on your face , and the birds will sing a new song for you . 
 hush now , beautiful , you are dreaming . 
 things are going to be better in the morning . '' 
 she ended the childhood song and heard the queen 's breathing deepen . 
 she motioned toward a guard who was standing near her , and he gently lifted the woman out of her arms . 
 `` put her in my bed , '' she instructed and stood to her feet . 
 she crept toward the king 's chambers and stood outside his door . 
 she touched it with a trembling hand . 
 her heart broke for king lowen . 
 her charge had been bare when she 'd been brought to her . 
 how could a man live like that ? 
 she dropped her hand , made her way back to bed , sorrow filling her . 
 *** `` no ! '' 
 gal ' adryl flung down a plate full of wild flit , fruit , and cheese . 
 it shattered on the ground . 
 she swept her arm across the table spilling wine and any remaining platters . 
 `` you ca n't make me ! '' 
 she threw herself on the ground , the glass from the plate cutting her pale arms . 
 `` oh , my lady ! '' 
 beclyn cried , rushing to the queen 's aide . 
 king lowen rose from the table and stared with concern at his wife 's actions . 
 `` it 's going to be alright . 
 let 's get you cleaned up and into the bath , '' beclyn said in a soothing voice . 
 `` i do n't want to take a bath . '' 
 gal ' adryl pouted , her dress smeared with food and shards of the plate . 
 `` it 's going to be fun . '' 
 beclyn smiled at her and lifted her to her feet . 
 `` you think so ? '' 
 gal ' adryl let beclyn walk her out of the mess she 'd created . 
 `` beclyn , can i play with my dolls ? '' 
 the red-haired servant nodded as she took the queen 's hand . 
 king lowen stood watching beclyn and his wife . 
 why did n't gal ' adryl respond that way to him when she was being affected by the disease ? 
 he thanked el ' yi she at least would calm down for the girl he 'd hired . 
 he did n't know what he 'd do without the servant . 
 chapter 17 king lowen stood outside the vullen 's chamber holding his breath . 
 two guards shifted nervously as they stood beside him . 
 he must know deilia 's answer . 
 gal ' adryl 's behavior had made him feel determined . 
 how much longer did he have with the woman he loved ? 
 he raised his hand to knock and hesitated for just a breath . 
 should he do this ? 
 `` come in , '' said the girl 's voice , before he 'd actually knocked . 
 he turned the door handle and stepped into the dimly lit room . 
 he noticed scratch marks near her bed and winced inwardly . 
 he forgot that this child could kill him if she wished . 
 he kept that in his thoughts as he approached her with a warm smile . 
 `` i 'm trusting that you have been treated well , deilia ? '' 
 he sat down on a chair near her bed . 
 her short legs hung where she sat , and the blanket was pulled up and around her golden body . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you have an answer for me ? '' 
 his heart quickened . 
 if she said ` no ' what would he do for his wife ? 
 `` i have , king lowen . 
 el ' yi sent a messenger to me . '' 
 silence filled the room . 
 king lowen could sense his guards ' terror . 
 `` here ? '' 
 king lowen 's eyes flickered briefly . 
 he had n't been informed of this . 
 `` yes , he told me it would bring favor to my people if i helped you . 
 so , king lowen , yes , i will steal a wolfinic pup to cure your wife . 
 but , i must have my cloak . '' 
 king lowen stood back to his feet . 
 `` we are searching for it even now . 
 thank you , deilia . 
 you shall be rewarded in however you choose . 
 i will not forget this act of kindness . 
 is there anything i could do to make you more comfortable ? '' 
 the girl 's clear colored eyes filled with tears . 
 `` no , i just want my cloak . '' 
 king lowen nodded to her and started heading toward the door . 
 `` what if it fails ? '' 
 she asked with hesitation . 
 he turned his attention back to her briefly . 
 `` it shall be on my head not yours . '' 
 nahor `` hang it right there , '' nahor instructed a slave to hang a wreath of white flowers . 
 the ballroom was turning into a sea of white and diamonds . 
 stelane was practically dancing with anticipation , barking orders left and right at the slaves , her hands wringing with nerves . 
 glimmer , stelane 's pet gracor bird , was fluttering from wreath to wreath hissing at everyone . 
 the gathering was in just a few short hours . 
 his mouth jerked into a smile as stelane grabbed a bouquet of blood red brianis and threw them on the ground in a fit . 
 a gathering never had any color in the décor just white -- it was bad luck -- according to some tradition . 
 he turned his head and looked at the strung white petals that decorated the ceiling and the glistening crystal lights twinkling down on him . 
 the smell in the room was enough to make any man pass out , but it was tradition and must be upheld . 
 his mother bustled into the room with another armful of flowers . 
 oh el ' yi . 
 he turned and walked from the room , stepping outside to breathe in a deep lungful of the freezing air . 
 his sharp dark eyes watched as the carriages gathered at the gate . 
 it was polite to come to a gathering early , but the guests must not arrive in the ballroom until the precise moment . 
 he was happy so many had shown up for stelane . 
 he 'd have to remember to let her have her space with the boys , even though , he wanted to freeze them to the wall . 
 this was his baby sister after all . 
 stelane stelane 's heart fluttered loudly in her chest as icers began to flood the ballroom full of white petals . 
 as she walked , pools of white gracors were softly singing on the right side of the ballroom . 
 boys passed her casually ; her eyes searched for one to have a tinge of interest . 
 like a hand clenching , tension spread through her chest . 
 she spotted her brother chatting with some girls , a glass of mulled wine in his hand . 
 `` i 'm ready to leave this dungeon . '' 
 she overheard him say , his fingers waving with ice that he transformed into a bird . 
 he balanced the ice sculpture on his fingertips then shot it up into the air where it dissolved into snowflakes . 
 she did n't want nahor to leave . 
 she still had five years before she could leave for school . 
 `` excuse me , stelane ? '' 
 a boy asked , his soft brown eyes and wavy brown hair framing his face . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` would you like to take a walk with me ? '' 
 stelane glanced at her brother who nodded at her in approval . 
 they walked toward the exit . 
 as they stepped outside the door , the refreshing night air hit stelane in the face . 
 she could hear the soft croons of the moon birds , their cries a low rhythm against the velvet night sky . 
 the glow of the moons reflected against their black shimmery feathers . 
 the boy took her hand shyly as they walked through the snow ; the wind moved around their legs like a pet doghin . 
 her purple eyes rose to the stars that soared above them like rain . 
 `` i 'm klipton , '' he introduced . 
 his fingers rubbed her pale knuckles . 
 stelane found the gesture strange as icers generally did n't show affection until they were married . 
 she did n't mind though , so she did n't pull her hand away . 
 `` i do n't know if you 've ever seen me at your parents ' balls ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` there are always a lot of people there . '' 
 she did n't remember ever seeing him . 
 `` watch this , '' he said with a grin . 
 his hands moved fluidly , trickling over the air . 
 an ice flower the size of his fist formed before her eyes . 
 he raised his hands skyward , and it shot up into the sky . 
 stelane 's mouth opened with delight . 
 her hands clasped together as a shower of snow descended on her in bursts of multi-colors that glittered in the light of the two moons . 
 she 'd never learned much about the art , only what nahor had taught her , which was just the basics of an icer 's ability . 
 `` i 'm impressed . '' 
 she lifted her palm up to form a simple ice ball and let it slide off her hand . 
 `` that 's about all i know of the art . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 chapter 18 icer border neuge city guard tow owel of the icer army flexed his fingers as he made his rounds with a distracted mind . 
 his wife lorlie was going to leave him , he could feel it in the back of his mind . 
 she was unhappy , complaining , and twice he 'd caught her flirting with another man . 
 the thought disturbed him , but he was n't sure how to change anything . 
 when the king demanded his allegiance , he went . 
 he could n't hesitate because his wife wanted him to communicate to her . 
 he would try . 
 he paused in mid-step as a sound caught his attention just beyond the border of the land . 
 trees started bowing to the ground as if paying homage to a royal . 
 his eyes shifted to far off in the forest where the tall red fogur trees trembled . 
 a strong presence filled the air around him . 
 `` where is she , icer ? '' 
 the voice felt like a blade running across tow 's skull . 
 the pain intensified and slid down the back of his neck . 
 `` come now , where is she ? '' 
 an invisible force gripped him into a frozen state . 
 his heart hammered like a frightened scomperoo . 
 please , el ' yi . 
 he did not know what this invisible deity wanted , but he had a bad feeling . 
 `` you have mere moments , '' she hissed in his ear . 
 `` whhoo ? '' 
 his skin ached as if stretched to its limits . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 tow felt his body rip and screams of pain came out of his lips . 
 `` i do n't know ... '' blood began to pour from wounds that spread over his body . 
 `` i will give you one more chance to give her back to me . 
 where is deilia ? '' 
 a hot pain erupted through tow 's veins . 
 `` deilia ? '' 
 he bawled in fear . 
 `` i do not know , deity . 
 please , please spare my life . 
 i have a wife . '' 
 `` no , you do not have a wife . 
 she left you . 
 you are useless , '' she said in a cruel whisper . 
 the sound of flesh ripping rang throughout the field , and a horrible death wail arose from the lips of the guard . 
 blood splashed the white snow as a shadow swept the frozen ground . 
 *** `` your majesty ! '' 
 a panicked guard rushed into the throne room bowing in reverence as he approached . 
 `` i have urgent news ! '' 
 he proclaimed with a wild look in his eye . 
 king lowen rose from his throne where he 'd escaped from his daughter 's gathering for a moment . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` guard tow owel is dead , sire ! '' 
 the guard 's dark hair was skewed , and his garment was soaked in sweat . 
 `` why is this important , len ? '' 
 king lowen asked in annoyance . 
 what did he care if one of his men died ? 
 icers died every day . 
 `` he was murdered on the border . 
 there are no footsteps but his own . '' 
 king lowen racked his fingers through his hair . 
 `` have some of the guards investigate , and bring me the results . '' 
 he sat back down on his throne dismissing the guard . 
 king lowen could tell that the young guard was shaken to the core . 
 was this a result of his purchase of the baby vullen ? 
 he had n't heard a peep from the caretaker about how the creature was doing . 
 he had known the vullens were powerful beings , but could this have been from that ? 
 maybe a wild animal had attacked , and his men had simply overlooked the tracks . 
 he dismissed the matter in his mind . 
 stelane a sharp , piercing cry startled stelane as she quietly talked to klipton while they walked . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 her voice quivered as she clutched his arm . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe we should get back to the castle . '' 
 he looked toward the dredge forest his eyes looking frightened . 
 stelane nodded to him , and they began to make their way back . 
 cold fear struck stelane in the chest as the dying sounds resounded throughout the valley . 
 she 'd heard the legends of the deities , but had never personally encountered one ; their land lay on the edge of the territory in which they lived . 
 she supposed that was why her father was always warning her to stay close to the castle . 
 she 'd thought it was just a silly myth , until now . 
 `` do you think we should go help the person ? '' 
 she squeezed klipton 's arm . 
 the death wail grew louder until something cut it off . 
 eerie silence followed . 
 `` let go of me ! '' 
 klipton shook her loose , ran as fast as he could , and left stelane standing there alone . 
 `` klipton ! '' 
 she shivered in fear , wrapping her arms around herself . 
 stelane ran to the stables , her feet hitting the ground in desperation . 
 she climbed on top of her mammoi gusha and urged the animal toward where the sound had come from . 
 gusha sensed her fear and clicked in anxiety . 
 `` i 'm fine , girl , just keep going . '' 
 she patted the animal 's neck reassuringly , even though she was shaking with fear . 
 she saw it from a distance . 
 blood . 
 it was everywhere . 
 terror twisted like a blade in her gut as she approached . 
 guards were swarming all over the spot , trying to clean up the mess that had happened . 
 `` princess ! '' 
 one spotted stelane , jogged over to her , and grabbed hold of gusha 's furry mane . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 what happened ? 
 i heard someone screaming . '' 
 her breath came out short as gusha anxiously danced back and forth . 
 `` we do n't know . 
 there were no tracks . 
 tow is dead . 
 please , princess , go back home . 
 your father would be displeased if we let you see this . '' 
 stelane knew he was right . 
 if he let her pass , it would be his head . 
 `` alright , i will return home . '' 
 she turned gusha around , but the blood splashed across the ice never left her mind . 
 nahor `` nahor ? '' 
 stelane approached her brother with hesitation . 
 nahor was packing for school . 
 he glanced up at her with a smile . 
 `` hey , cheeks . 
 what do you need ? '' 
 she gave him her scowl before proceeding . 
 `` i told you not to call me that ! '' 
 she whined . 
 `` did you hear about that guard yesterday ? '' 
 nahor had heard the news but had n't been overly concerned about it . 
 `` perhaps the deities are extracting revenge on us . 
 what if they kill me too ? '' 
 her lip trembled . 
 nahor wanted to laugh at the preposterous suggestion but knew it was not the right timing . 
 his sister 's face was coated with genuine fear . 
 `` listen , sis , that guard probably just got attacked by a wild beast . 
 it happens . 
 nothing to worry about . 
 besides , you 're not supposed to go near that border anyways . 
 just stay put , and you 'll be fine . '' 
 he saw her relax slightly . 
 `` you 're probably right . 
 by the way , it 's time for dinner . 
 father said there was special entertainment . '' 
 she returned to her normal child-like jubilance . 
 nahor nodded once . 
 `` i wonder what it is ? '' 
 she asked as she jumped away on a light heart . 
 the sound of slaves ' soft padded feet surrounded nahor as he made his way to the dining hall . 
 what was the entertainment ? 
 his father 's idea of amusement was usually sick minded . 
 a slave opened the thick wooden doors , and he entered with hesitation . 
 he stopped to see a display of dancers lined up in a row . 
 an icer girl winked at him as he sat down . 
 interesting . 
 real entertainment . 
 his father smiled at him . 
 `` good evening , son , ready for a good show ? '' 
 he clapped his hands and music burst from the corner of the room where a band of icers played . 
 the dancers whirled in a flurry of colorful dresses and scarves . 
 nahor let himself get captured in the moment , enjoying watching his baby sister laugh , gather her skirts , and join the dancers in a display of complete abandon . 
 to be a child again , he thought with a smile . 
 his mother clapped along , her face lit with pure joy -- he even saw his father smile as he watched the display . 
 nahor lavishly ate his meal the slaves had set before him , letting his mind forget his responsibilities , his schooling , and his family . 
 for one eternal moment , he let himself get lost . 
 after the colorful display ended , his father motioned to him . 
 `` that one right there in the green i 've requested her to stay with you . 
 i 've agreed to pay her handsomely if she pleases you . 
 perhaps you want two ? '' 
 he gave him an impish grin . 
 nahor had never seen his father in such good spirits . 
 to refuse his father 's gift would be idiotic , so he nodded . 
 `` i will take the one , father . 
 thank you for your gift . '' 
 the girl approached him with a seductive smile on her pale face . 
 `` for your pleasure , my prince . '' 
 she bowed before him . 
 he took her hand and led her toward his chambers . 
 *** nahor lay beside the girl , his mind shifting to the murdered guard . 
 why did it bother him now ? 
 he had just accepted the gift his father had given him . 
 the girl would be paid handsomely ; he would see to that . 
 he did n't agree with the act , but he knew it would have insulted his father and the girl if he had refused it . 
 his mother had spoken into him as a child to love and marry a girl of his choosing . 
 she 'd even made him take an oath when he was 13 . 
 he 'd neither loved or chose this one , but perhaps he would be forgiven for his act . 
 the girl turned and saw him laying awake . 
 `` did you enjoy it , my prince ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , you shall be rewarded . '' 
 he gently kissed her palm and rolled out of bed . 
 `` now please leave . '' 
 he stood facing the window where icen pixies danced before him with colorful turns . 
 the girl glanced at him longingly before scurrying from the room . 
 chapter 19 oni’on glimma village zare territory oni’on lay lounging on a soft bed his hand resting over his eyes . 
 his body was aching from last night 's partying . 
 he rolled over with a moan . 
 the light from the window was a reminder that he had to get up , or he 'd be late for work . 
 it was n't that it was the best coin , in fact , it was pretty terrible pay . 
 he made himself go because arrissa worked there . 
 arrissa was an unachievable dream . 
 he 'd figured that out from day one when she had n't given him or the rest of the men the time of day . 
 yet , they all panted after her like lovesick doghins picking up the bones that she threw . 
 his mind got all fuzzy when he thought of her . 
 he forced himself out of bed , his feet hitting the cold , hard , wooden floor . 
 he shivered and turned toward the kitchen . 
 he rested the palms of his hands on the wooden table , allowing his mind to sluggishly come to life . 
 he shoved a hunk of bread in his mouth as he slammed out the door and made his way toward his job . 
 he arrived a few minutes late and received a scowl from his boss . 
 he started working immediately and shot a smile at arrissa , who was working across the garden from him . 
 she did n't even glance up at him . 
 women . 
 `` do n't even bother , '' jackon , his long time friend , said as he saw oni’on 's longing gaze . 
 `` arrissa would n't touch you or any man in this garden if we were the last living souls on jade . 
 forget about her . '' 
 the green and white haired man dug his fingers into the soil and spat out of the corner of his mouth . 
 `` shut up , jackon , i did n't ask for your opinion . '' 
 oni’on drew a hand over the stubble on his face , his headache returning . 
 `` you look like a worge messed you up . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 oni’on felt like a mammoi had dragged him through the village . 
 `` she will never want you , idiot . '' 
 jackon yanked rocks out of the soil and set them beside him , sweat gathering along his forehead . 
 they both strained to hear the sweet laughter that floated from the girl 's lips . 
 `` well , with your charming personality she 's never going to look this way , '' oni’on said . 
 `` at least i 'm not a whore pincher . '' 
 `` it 's not my fault women ca n't stand the sight of your -- '' oni’on motioned crudely toward his friend . 
 jackon flung a rock at him which oni’on easily avoided . 
 `` do we have a problem here ? '' 
 their boss krest approached them with a look of distain on his wide face . 
 `` no , we 're fine , '' oni’on said gruffly , taking a quick peek at arrissa who was watching them . 
 jackon was going to get him fired . 
 `` get a move on then , you lazy doghins ! '' 
 krest bellowed . 
 pain rang in oni’on 's head , and he wished for the tenth time that he had n't drank so much last night . 
 `` at least i do n't smell like last night 's trashy whore . '' 
 jackon smiled , despite his harsh reply . 
 oni’on returned the smile and muttered , `` i hate you . '' 
 `` back at you , sulstic . '' 
 *** krest jogged over to oni’on and waved him forward . 
 `` someone left you an urgent note . 
 some whore no doubt . 
 get to the office and head back here when you 're through . '' 
 oni’on rubbed his temple as he walked toward the little bleak office . 
 he did not want to go into a stuffy room when he could be eyeballing arrissa 's loose dress , as she worked in the garden underneath the hot sun . 
 he opened the door and stepped in to see an unfamiliar face . 
 a girl ? 
 did n't krest say an urgent note was left for him ? 
 the girl 's skin was the color of silver , her eyes a deep azure blue , and her hair hung in blond waves that shimmered in the sunlight streaming through the windows . 
 she looked fairly young , but something seemed off about her . 
 she was no zare . 
 yet , what was she exactly ? 
 he stood there for a moment contemplating . 
 she turned to him with a grim expression on her young face . 
 she could n't be older than 16 ? 
 something in her expression made her look ten times her age . 
 `` have you forgotten me ? '' 
 she asked solemnly . 
 oni’on had no idea who the young girl was , so the question took him off-guard . 
 he shut the door , his eyebrows furrowing together . 
 `` do i know you ? '' 
 he waited for her to continue . 
 she looked distraught as she faced him , her hands wringing together . 
 `` you are too closed minded , grandson of pod . '' 
 she stared into his eyes , and oni’on could see a deep torment in them . 
 `` i 'm sorry , miss , what do you need ? 
 nobody 's seen my grandfa ' in years . '' 
 `` oni’on , you must remember . '' 
 her voice cracked with physical pain . 
 `` i ca n't stay long , but remember me . '' 
 she lifted a hand , reached out , and touched his forehead . 
 a sharp sting sliced oni’on 's mind , and he pulled back as if he 'd been slapped . 
 he put a hand to his forehead . 
 `` i 'm afraid i ca n't help you . '' 
 he glared at her for several heartbeats wondering what she 'd just done to him . 
 her face filled with urgency , and her fingers curled with determination . 
 `` you must remember your fate , grandson of pod . '' 
 she bolted from the room , her face contorting in frustration . 
 that was odd , oni’on thought as he made his way out of the office and back into the hot sun . 
 the girl disappeared around the corner and climbed into a strange black carriage pulled by two great white mammois . 
 `` what was that about ? 
 are you fired , oni’on ? '' 
 asked a man named ply , as oni’on made his way back to the garden . 
 he shook his head at the purple and white haired zare with a crooked nose . 
 he dug his hands into the soil , feeling the minerals soaking into his skin . 
 his mind replayed the scene over until he paused . 
 why would that girl say all that ? 
 the question bogged his thoughts . 
 `` you 're making the rest of us look bad , oni’on . '' 
 arrissa 's teasing voice made him jump . 
 he looked at her then down at the ground . 
 the soil was dark with nutrients , and a good size pile of rocks was off to the side . 
 he 'd done this ? 
 `` oh ... '' he felt like an idiot just staring up at her with dirt stained hands and a staggered expression on his face . 
 she laughed at this and waved her hand . 
 `` you seem like you have a lot on your mind . 
 is that what motivated you to remove ten times the amount anyone else has done all morning ? '' 
 her eyes danced with amusement as he tried to recover . 
 her straight white and light pink hair was pinned up with a diamond-studded clip , and her pink-golden eyes shimmered . 
 `` yeah ... i ... well ... i ... '' his tongue tripped as the girl whom he 'd pledge his life to stood before him . 
 `` is everything , alright ? '' 
 she asked sweetly . 
 `` yeah , everything 's fine . 
 there was a girl in the office who said some odd stuff to me . 
 she kept talking about my grandfa ' . 
 i have n't heard his name in years . '' 
 he let his sentence hang for a moment . 
 `` is your grandfa ' alright ? '' 
 arrissa placed her hand on his arm . 
 oni’on felt a thrill go through him and nearly had to bite his tongue to hold himself together . 
 `` my grandfa ' is pod lemno . 
 he 's been missing for a long time . '' 
 his mind felt jumbled as he spoke to the beautiful zare in front of him . 
 arrissa smiled at him . 
 `` it 's probably nothing . 
 people mention pod sometimes . 
 he 's a legend in this village . '' 
 she kissed his cheek , turned , and walked back to her section of the garden they tended . 
 oni’on had to walk away for a second to make his heart go back to normal . 
 that was the first time arrissa had even talked to him let alone kiss his cheek ! 
 a dopey grin spread across his face . 
 `` what did you say to get arrissa to kiss you ? '' 
 jackon asked with a wry grin on his face . 
 oni’on could read the jealousy that lingered on the other side of that grin . 
 maybe murder . 
 arrissa was chased by every man within the village of glimma . 
 `` i did n't say anything . 
 she came up to me . '' 
 he knew that jackon had approached arrissa several times only to be rejected by her . 
 `` you had to have said something amazing . 
 why else would she linger on your cheek like that ? '' 
 `` she lingered ? '' 
 oni’on laughed . 
 clearly , jackon had been paying more attention to the kiss than he had . 
 `` she noticed how fast i was working , and i guess it caught her attention . 
 so , she came over to talk to me . '' 
 oni’on could see the realization in his friend 's eyes and knew that jackon would try to work extra hard to get the girl 's attention now . 
 oni’on picked up his waterbag , gulped some water down , and watched as arrissa continued her work . 
 her body moved so fluidly it was like watching a wind sprite dancing . 
 the corner of his mouth curved into a smile . 
 arrissa had kissed him . 
 chapter 20 otsana dredge forest otsana 's lip curled in delight at the bloody sight before her . 
 she picked her way over to where a group of scavengers were ripping flesh off what appeared to be a zare . 
 otsana poked the body with her claw and noticed the white hair with green streaks running through it . 
 most definitely a zare . 
 the creatures were a more intelligent race than the worge ; it was rare to see them so far away from their protected little villages . 
 otsana ignored the beasts that were gulping down the free meal that somebody had left . 
 the wolfinics of the ancient times had at one time helped bring peace to the fair-haired race . 
 otsana felt something heavy on her mind but could n't discern what was wrong . 
 it was as if a vision was trying its hardest to manifest in her thoughts , but she was not in the mood for it . 
 she batted it away in annoyance and put her nose deep in the blood to smell it . 
 her ears flickered once , and her body instantly stiffened in defense . 
 the scroungers suddenly bolted , leaving their meal to lay alone . 
 otsana picked up a new scent once the filthy beasts bolted . 
 the blood ... it was n't the zare 's blood . 
 whoever had killed the zare had n't made it bleed . 
 it smelt too dirty , like dung . 
 her claws dug into the soil . 
 she bound sideways just as a sharp spear hit the dead zare straight in the chest . 
 her teeth flashed . 
 she bit down into a huge rock which was near her , and instantly an army of slithering , poisonous hieths manifested from the stone . 
 they weaved back and forth in front of her like guardians . 
 they shrieked , their sharp tails whipping around them like a sword . 
 she spotted the prey , for the one that hunted her was now going to be hunted . 
 visions flashed in her mind one after another of her attacker , the poses he would do , and the ways he would try to slice her head off with his pathetic sword . 
 she grinned and bounded in the complete opposite way , her motions agile and quick . 
 the hieths snapped at the hunter that was now chasing after her . 
 otsana suddenly jumped up into the dark cover of the trees , her eyes turning a shade darker . 
 come on , little hunter ... come a little closer . 
 visions dashed through her thoughts again . 
 she found the precise moment and pounced . 
 her sharp jaws closed over the hunter 's head in one bite . 
 `` thank you ... '' she mumbled through the mouthful of flesh to the hieths that were now transforming back into a solid rock . 
 she nudged the dead hunter at her feet and ripped off another chunk of flesh . 
 she spat out something slimy and grimaced at the smell . 
 worges . 
 *** a cheerful yip resounded as otsana stepped through the door of their home . 
 her mate mur nudged her as soon as she got close enough to him , his giant paws swiped at her tail playfully . 
 `` i would have been distracted by the blood too , '' mur said , his black nose snuffling through a pile of bones that were scattered on the ground . 
 he found the one he wanted , lay down , and gnawed at it . 
 his ears flickered as he chuckled . 
 `` they do not go down the gullet well . 
 i had one bite , and i felt like i ate a piece of mud . '' 
 otsana made a hacking noise , her body convulsing . 
 she heard a yip like laugh and walked over to shema who was playing with a little fluffy creature . 
 `` shema found a new playmate , huh ? 
 aw , you like the scruff ? '' 
 otsana 's voice lightened as she affectionately nipped at her pup 's ears and licked her tummy . 
 shema batted at the scruff . 
 the fluffy animals made excellent toys and playmates for the pups ; they were harmless and loved affection . 
 the little creature 's long orange tongue licked at shema 's face covering her in wet glistening spit . 
 otsana nudged the little critter away , picked up her pup in her paws , and cleaned her face with her tongue . 
 `` shema , how about you and i go find some other pups to play with ? '' 
 the little wolfinic nodded with glee . 
 mur looked up from where he gnawed on his bone . 
 `` keep her safe . '' 
 `` always . '' 
 she put the pup on her back and walked out into the mid-afternoon air . 
 elora ’n yssa rendra si village zare territory a cheery song warbled through the morning air , the trees swaying as if dancing , birds chirping alongside the singing vocalist . 
 a zare girl walked , her hand clutching a woven basket full of blue gonora fruit . 
 her voice rang stronger as she soaked her feet into the warm soil . 
 her hands brushed the tall grasses that swayed around her , a smile teasing her lips . 
 elora ’n yssa breathed in a deep breath as she stopped . 
 the wind wrapped her long , wavy , white and fuchsia streaked hair up and around her . 
 her golden-fuchsia eyes focused on the sky . 
 when the song had reached its fullest peak , a voice broke her concentration . 
 `` more beautiful than a silvie , little zare , '' said a deep and heavy voice . 
 elora ’n yssa jumped , looking toward the forest in fright . 
 `` i have a son who looks about your age . 
 how old are you ? '' 
 he hovered in the shadows . 
 elora felt fearful , but at the same time she found herself speaking to the stranger . 
 `` i am 15 . '' 
 her chin lifted a fraction . 
 `` a rather good age , '' the voice purred . 
 elora wondered why the man did n't step into the light , and suddenly her eyes grew as wide as moons . 
 `` thank you , i must be on my way . '' 
 she turned to run when the shadowed stranger was before her . 
 a worge . 
 `` rather long way from mad ' ra , little one . '' 
 his long tongue snaked out of his mouth , and his scaly snout grew in length . 
 his claws slid out of his hind feet , and his orange eyes blinked . 
 `` shame that a creature so beautiful is so dim , '' said the worge . 
 `` please , do n't hurt me . 
 i will do anything . '' 
 elora ’n yssa backed up , her voice shaking . 
 `` even marry a worge ? '' 
 his laugh was rough , claws twitching with anticipation . 
 elora 's face twisted with disgust at the thought . 
 `` well , if you are not good for breeding stock , then you 'll be good for bait . 
 it seems the wolfinics prefer the blood of a zare . 
 i aim to catch one and prove to my village that they exist ! '' 
 he took a step closer , and elora felt her body begin to tremble . 
 `` wolfinics are myths ! 
 everyone knows that ! '' 
 elora could n't control the accusation in her voice . 
 `` even a child doubts ! 
 my brother went on a hunt to bring back the pelt of one , but he has n't returned . 
 so now it 's up to me to prove we 're not idiots ! '' 
 he swiped his claws through the air . 
 his furry ears twitched back against his head , and his snout lowered . 
 `` now , hold still , little zare , and this wo n't hurt a bit ! '' 
 he leapt at the fair-haired girl , his sharp teeth snapping toward her . 
 elora ’n yssa screamed , fell backward , her face filling with terror . 
 she could hear the snarl of the worge and see his claws extending toward her throat . 
 a brilliant light filled the meadow where elora lay , hurting her eyes as warmth filled her entire body . 
 she was n't sure what to do , so she just thrust her arms outward toward the worge . 
 she could hear screams of pain and an intense hissing noise of burning flesh . 
 `` it 's not possible ! '' 
 the creature howled in anguish as the white light came from seemingly nowhere . 
 within moments , all that was left of the scaly beast was a pile of ash . 
 elora opened her eyes ; a sob stuck in her throat . 
 she jumped back when the remains of the worge blew away on the wind . 
 she looked up above her and around her . 
 where had the light come from ? 
 she did n't know how to wield the light . 
 even though her fad ' ra was a high priest , her mad ' ra refused to let her learn . 
 it was as if the light had come from el ' yi himself . 
 she stood still , her face drawn in shock . 
 elora spotted her basket left to the side , scooped it up , and ran as fast as she could back toward home . 
 elora set her basket down on the table , her mind still whirling with what had happened in the field . 
 her mad ' ra was bustling in the kitchen as elora laid her wrap over a wooden chair . 
 `` elora ’n yssa , hang that up , '' her mad ' ra 's firm voice said , breaking her thoughts . 
 she looked down at the wrap not remembering that she 'd placed it where it did n't belong . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i was n't thinking . '' 
 she scooped it up and walked off in a daze . 
 she brought it to her bedroom that overlooked a warm , frothing sea , which sparkled in the morning sun . 
 the village of si , was a small village tucked between the galia ocean , named after one of the moons , and the mountains of korul . 
 she put her face out the window letting the wind tease her hair . 
 she could see the bustling market , which was far enough away to not hear the noise , but close enough to give her eyes something to linger on . 
 colorful banners hung from the shops telling the villagers what they would find inside . 
 elora was usually on the lookout for the new items , which the merchants would hang for all to see , but today she did n't even notice . 
 her mad ' ra would be going down to the market in a couple hours to sell her silken colorful scarves , which so many zare women adored . 
 elora ’n yssa generally helped her , but this morning she wanted to stay behind and think about what had happened today . 
 how was that possible ? 
 a divine intervention ? 
 she 'd never heard of el ' yi interrupting a death like that . 
 had she produced the light somehow ? 
 she was so distracted by the busy thoughts that she did n't hear her mad ' ra enter her room . 
 `` elora ’n yssa , are you alright ? 
 you seem disturbed , love . '' 
 the yellow and white haired woman placed a hand on her daughter 's shoulder . 
 `` oh , i 'm fine , mad ' ra . 
 just thinking ... '' she let her sentence trail off and gave her mad ' ra a brief smile . 
 `` i 'm going to be going down to the market in about an hour , if you 'd like to join me . '' 
 `` i 'll stay behind today . 
 i 'm going to visit the garden later , '' elora said , not wanting to tell her mad ' ra the danger she 'd been in just under an hour ago . 
 nia nodded and left the room with a flutter of her skirt . 
 *** elora ’n yssa took off her shoes and laid them down beneath a tall , flowering sicapie tree . 
 she breathed in a luxurious breath of the garden air and let her toes brush the small stream that giggled through the entire garden . 
 the sun beat its warmth on her face as she looked at each bloom of flower . 
 this was her favorite place on si ; it was where she could truly think . 
 she sat in the midst of a hundred blooms of a pale pink flower , that her mother called kissy lovers , because the flower blooms looked as if they kissed each other . 
 she buried her face in the fragrance and felt the soft petals caress her cheeks . 
 where had that light come from ? 
 chapter 21 rhyme glimma village silence snuck over the land as rhyme stood clutching the glossmer staff , his eyes closed . 
 seeing oni’on had stirred an old anger that he 'd buried . 
 hurt , betrayal , and the hatred that had boiled through him when his mad ' ra had been sold to the icer king all returned . 
 how could oni’on just shove the responsibility of his little sister onto him ? 
 sadie was alone with their abusive fad ' ra , while oni’on wasted his coin on drinking and whores . 
 no wonder the village hated the sulstics . 
 he missed da ’n ea , her laughter , her smile , and her beautiful eyes . 
 sometimes , he felt like he had been falling for the deity . 
 that was insane . 
 his eyes snapped open , and he looked at the weapon she 'd made for him . 
 why did it cause so much fear ? 
 how could he learn to use it when there was no one to teach him ? 
 `` what can you do ? '' 
 he asked out loud . 
 it had burned his fad ' ra , so he knew it could inflict pain . 
 he swung it around his body , twisting and turning the weapon until the motion of the staff felt fluid in his hands . 
 the glossmer weapon began to glow when he thought of da ’n ea and her death . 
 she had been trying to save him . 
 pain shafted through his heart and he bowed . 
 the glossmer staff began to burn his fingers , and he dropped it with a hiss . 
 he stared at the wood that shriveled . 
 suddenly , a woman appeared before him her glowing emerald eyes flashing . 
 `` venna ... '' he whispered through tears that had gathered against his will . 
 `` glossmer is a moody weapon . 
 you must have displeased her , rhyme . '' 
 a smile curled on her face as she readjusted the lacy cloak that covered her hair . 
 `` i do n't know what to do with it . '' 
 the girl picked up the staff and examined it . 
 `` da ’n ea sure knows how to leave her stench , '' venna muttered so that rhyme could n't hear . 
 the staff reacted by glowing blue in venna 's hand . 
 she growled at it and dropped it . 
 `` pick it up , rhyme . '' 
 venna walked away from the staff . 
 the wind picked up and blew her dark brown hair wildly around her face . 
 her cloak slipped , and rhyme saw strange glowing markings on her neck . 
 `` why is the priest afraid of you , venna ? '' 
 rhyme dared ask . 
 he leaned over and picked up the staff and held it . 
 it felt solid in his hand . 
 it emanated light the instant he touched it , causing him to smile . 
 `` hey , it works again . '' 
 he swung it toward venna who jumped into the air with an angry cry . 
 `` watch where you swing that thing ! '' 
 the wind grabbed her cloak again and blew it off her shoulders . 
 venna floated before him , her black dress billowing . 
 her long hair was completely uncovered and dancing like tiny hieths around her shoulders . 
 `` this wind ! '' 
 a horde of wind sprites suddenly appeared all around her , their tiny bodies resting on her exposed skin . 
 `` eh ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` be gone with you ! '' 
 an amber light swirled around the deity , and the tiny creatures shrieked , flying away from her in terror . 
 rhyme watched silently as she retrieved her cloak and quickly covered herself again . 
 `` why do you wear a cloak ? '' 
 rhyme swung the staff the opposite way and batted a retreating wind sprite . 
 `` you know nothing about deities do you , rhyme ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` you 'll find out . '' 
 she vanished , the sound of her laughter lingering for several moments . 
 rhyme trembled . 
 there was something about venna that unnerved him . 
 he looked over into the dredge forest and saw several of the deities he used to play with watching him . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 he called . 
 he jogged over to the edge of the forest . 
 `` do you know venna ? '' 
 he asked them . 
 one pale green skinned girl stepped forward . 
 her moss-covered hands , grassy hair , and pointed features almost blended into the trees . 
 `` we know her . '' 
 her voice was so quiet that rhyme strained to hear her . 
 `` why does everyone fear her ? '' 
 as soon as he asked the question , a swarm of wind sprites began to attack the deities that lingered before him . 
 they cried out with sharp voices as the tiny pests attached themselves to their skin . 
 rhyme turned away from the sight , fear overcoming him and ran . 
 who was venna ? 
 otsana wolfinic village dredge forest otsana smiled at the sound of her pup 's infectious giggling . 
 she was rolling around in the grass , her paws swatting at anything that moved around her . 
 shema did a quick flip and landed back on her paws her teeth chomping down into a stone . 
 otsana 's eyes widened in surprise as the rock became a small scurrying scomperoo . 
 it stood on its hind legs , looked at her young daughter , and then bolted away with the pup racing after her . 
 `` not too far , shema ! '' 
 she called with a chuckle , nuzzling down into the grassy glade . 
 many mothers put their little ones on a mind leash , but she felt hesitant to do so . 
 she wanted shema to have her own thoughts to herself . 
 the pup 's voice would soon develop , and she did n't need her old mama 's voice constantly ringing in her head . 
 she would put a link in time , but for now she enjoyed just figuring out what her little one needed . 
 when shema pounced on something , otsana made her way toward her . 
 the pup liked to wander , and even though otsana could use her visions , she preferred her line of sight at best . 
 she came within a few feet of shema and leaned down close to her pup 's ear and whispered , `` what did you find , shema ? '' 
 shema yipped and nudged something around in the dirt . 
 otsana licked shema 's neck and gently shoved her aside to see what she 'd discovered . 
 otsana pawed at the object until it was no longer hiding in the leaves . 
 her black eyes widened , and an instant snarl rose in her throat . 
 this was bad . 
 very , bad . 
 it was forbidden to bite a deannicle stone , the stone was found only in the most obscure places on jade , and it created what her race called a vision-stone . 
 this -- was most definitely a vision-stone . 
 when a wolfinic bit the forbidden deannicle stone , it sealed the vision . 
 unless the one who created it changed the path themselves , or if it had been a pup then the mother or father could change the fate . 
 who had done this ? 
 why would they wish for jade to be harmed ? 
 right then and there she realized the danger of letting her pup not be linked with her mentally . 
 she picked shema up by the scruff of her neck and threw her on her back . 
 shema instantly sensed her mood and clung to her without wiggling . 
 otsana easily concentrated on shema 's mind , and in a breath they were linked . 
 shema 's thoughts went wild , not understanding the connection . 
 her mother soothed her with quick thoughts . 
 what ... is that ... mama ? 
 what is that ? 
 why can i ... why can i hear you now ? 
 i 'm sorry , shema , i had to link with you . 
 this stone is dangerous and poses a threat to our world . 
 i will not invade your thoughts unless there is peril . 
 please , little one , this is of utmost importance . 
 stay away from this glade ! 
 with that thought , she ran back toward her village to warn her race of the coming doom . 
 chapter 22 rhyme sulstic glimma village zare territory the warm breeze up skirted leaves , twisted through the spindly branches , and rustled rhyme sulstic 's shoulder-length white and red hair . 
 the ground beneath his feet rumbled as tiny scomperoos darted through the undergrowth slinking around his legs . 
 he watched the leaves , sticks , and moss tremble as the tiny animals made their way to their home . 
 rhyme 's eyes caught the rainbow reflection of last night 's rain dripping off the overly large leaves as he walked . 
 the air grew thick as he climbed over several fallen logs trying to find a good place for him to bring his mammoi and cart through . 
 he 'd left rilly tied up quite a ways back . 
 he came upon a grove of medium sized trees . 
 feeling satisfied that he 'd found his next spot to chop wood , he turned back around . 
 rhyme swung a metal axe down with a huff , his hands slick with sweat . 
 his hair stuck to his forehead in stringy strands . 
 beads of perspiration dripped down his bare chest as he loaded more wood onto his cart to sell to nikin , the man who 'd hired him . 
 he was making good coin . 
 the merchant had been so thrilled when he 'd brought his first load of dredge forest wood that he had paid him twice the amount agreed upon . 
 rhyme had no trouble coming into the forest and chopping down some trees . 
 most the deities he knew did n't come into this portion of the forest . 
 the breeze turned cold as it blew through the branches and brought shivers over his body . 
 his eyes traveled up , and he looked around suspiciously . 
 the sunlight peeked through the leaves casting spots of light that danced along the forest floor . 
 despite the fact that he did n't think any deities would harm him , this place still brought an uneasy feeling in his gut . 
 he walked back over to the fallen tree , his brow creased . 
 it had probably been just a strange wind . 
 `` shiethouse , nummous , righhes , livieths . '' 
 rhyme froze where he was as the voice filled the air and twisted around him . 
 he listened for a moment then brought his axe down again with a thump . 
 he glanced up sharply when a high-pitched squealing resounded deep in the shadows . 
 unnerved by the sound , he brought his axe up against his shoulder . 
 it was time to head out of the forest . 
 he threw the rest of the logs onto his cart and climbed up behind the mammoi that was hitched up to it . 
 `` come on , rilly , let 's get out of here . '' 
 he clucked his tongue softly , and the beast began to move forward through the forest . 
 deeper shadows filled the trees as he moved . 
 a cold feeling swept over his skin as rilly made frightened clicks and clacks . 
 her movements became jerky and anxious in the fading light . 
 `` whoa , there 's nothing there , rilly , settle down . '' 
 he patted her neck reassuringly as his eyes darted to and fro . 
 he had a feeling that he was being watched and urged the mammoi forward . 
 what deities lived in this area of the forest ? 
 he had n't gone very far when a loud wail broke the little calm he 'd been feeling . 
 a sharp cry came out of his mouth as an ethereal figure was suddenly on the path in front of him . 
 he swerved wildly , the cart overturned , and the logs tumbled out like a box of matches spilt over . 
 rilly broke free and cantered into the distance , her clacks growing more intense as she ran . 
 as he lay breathing heavily on his side , rhyme felt genuine terror flood him . 
 deities liked him right ? 
 he fumbled for a small knife he kept tucked in his belt . 
 he searched for his glossmer weapon , but it must have gotten thrown in the underbrush . 
 his mind screamed at him to run . 
 he got to his feet and stood face to face with a woman . 
 her chin was tipped to the side as if she was asking a question . 
 her skin shimmered like black diamonds , her dark red garment swooped in a low neckline , and a black scraggily root necklace adorned her throat . 
 her mouth opened . 
 `` why are you in my forest ? '' 
 her words were the most complex sound rhyme had ever heard . 
 like the sound of an infant 's laugh mixed with a man 's dying breath . 
 her shimmering hair floated as if she was underwater , and her body seemed to be dancing on the air . 
 `` it 's just a job . 
 i 'm rhyme ... '' he stuttered . 
 her head tilted even more as she studied him . 
 `` how come you can hear me , zare ? 
 most just feel my terrible presence and flee . '' 
 her glowing amber eyes stared at him . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm friends with venna , da ’n ea , and others , '' he tried to explain , hoping the deity would recognize the names of his friends . 
 `` venna ... ? '' 
 she hissed , and her body swirled with a glowing red light . 
 `` she is forbidden to cross into this place ! 
 if you see her , you tell her this is glendrea 's territory . '' 
 the glowing entity swirled around him . 
 rhyme 's foot suddenly bumped into something on the ground . 
 he glanced down and saw his staff buried beneath the dead leaves and sticks . 
 he swooped down and retrieved it . 
 `` please , i just want to go home . '' 
 the glossmer stick began to spark and spit light . 
 `` glossmer ... '' the girl sounded shocked as she jumped back into the air away from him . 
 `` you do n't understand what you wield , zare . 
 this is impossible ! 
 who gave you this gift ? '' 
 `` da ’n ea . '' 
 he kept the staff firmly in front of him and watched as it began to glow with a sparking orb of light . 
 `` put your weapon away . '' 
 she narrowed her eyes into slits . 
 `` or i will snuff you out ! '' 
 at the touch of her foot , the moss around her turned three shades of red . 
 `` you must be touched . '' 
 her voice wound around him like a slender strand of silk . 
 she stretched her glimmering fingers at him , her gaze boring a hole into his mind . 
 `` you will pay for destroying my forest ! '' 
 a shrieking scream of anger came out of the deity 's lips as she jumped back up into the air . 
 rhyme dropped to the ground , bits of sticks and leaves soaring out in all directions . 
 he covered his ears with shaking hands . 
 when silence fell back over him , the woman was dissolved into a hundred glistening specks of light . 
 rhyme made it back to the edge of the dredge forest with nothing to show for his hard work . 
 he found rilly eating fruit out of a man 's hand that he had never seen before . 
 he was short , stocky , and his white and tan colored hair was cut in short spikes . 
 rhyme walked up to them and gently patted rilly . 
 `` thanks , she got spooked , and i lost her . 
 lost my load too , '' he said with a sigh . 
 the man studied him for a moment then touched rhyme 's chin like a fad ' ra might . 
 `` you can see me ? '' 
 he asked in a rumbling tone . 
 leaves suddenly grew from the strands of his hair . 
 rhyme backed up a step and tripped over a root . 
 the man disappeared in a whirlwind of leaves . 
 rhyme looked around and realized he was still in the center of the forest . 
 rilly stood a few feet off drinking from a stream , and the wood was neatly stacked in the back of the cart . 
 rhyme scrambled to his feet , hooked rilly back up , climbed in behind her , and drove out of the forest as fast as he could . 
 oni’on glimma village zare territory oni’on woke to the warmth of the sun shining on his face . 
 he heard soft breathing beside him and inwardly groaned . 
 he 'd forgotten which girl he 'd been with last night . 
 their faces seemed to blur together after awhile . 
 jackon had berated him about sleeping with the whores because he was too afraid to talk to arrissa . 
 oni’on got a glance at the girl 's face and winced . 
 not her . 
 not again . 
 jackon told him she looked like a doghin with a dress on . 
 he was n't far from the truth . 
 he knew one of the reasons why he always chose her ; it was her hair color . 
 it was the same as arrissa 's . 
 in his drunken stupor he must imagine her as the girl he loved . 
 if he could call what he had for arrissa love . 
 he smirked , swept his feet from beneath the covers , and instantly regretted his stupidity from the night before . 
 he opened the window and took in a deep breath of the warm air . 
 the market was already crawling with zares fighting for a good price on the wares . 
 they were all so content in their little world . 
 he frowned . 
 if his mad ' ra could see what he 'd become . 
 he let that thought die fast . 
 he did not want to think about his mad ' ra . 
 that always led to other pain he 'd rather not deal with today . 
 he peered back down again and saw something darting down the street in a hurry . 
 a flash of red caught his eye . 
 was that rhyme ? 
 he turned and nearly ran headlong into the whore . 
 she blinked at him and gave him a look that said she wanted something . 
 she was probably trying to earn a few extra coin . 
 his lips twisted in disgust . 
 she really did look like a doghin . 
 he reached into his pants pocket , threw the coin in her hand , and went out the door . 
 the market was busier than it seemed from the window , as oni’on pushed his way through it . 
 merchants warbled their products expertly , thrusting them in his face as he walked along the street . 
 he got tired of refusing and instead just pushed them roughly aside . 
 had that been rhyme ? 
 chapter 23 rhyme rilly 's hooves skidded to a halt as rhyme came into glimma . 
 the load of wood was neatly stacked behind him . 
 he sat dumbfounded on top of the cart as zares weaved around him . 
 `` get out of the way ! '' 
 a man waved at him . 
 rhyme seemed to snap out of his trance and climbed down . 
 when his foot hit the soil , a swarm of tiny deities surrounded him , their voices tinny and shrill . 
 he swatted at them and growled as their sharp fingernails bit into his flesh . 
 `` you stole from us ! '' 
 they screeched in his ear , biting his exposed skin . 
 rhyme scrambled to his cart and pulled out the glossmer staff . 
 `` get away from me ! 
 go back to the dredge forest where you belong ! '' 
 he swung the staff and knocked several away from him . 
 he heard rilly clack loudly and threw a look over his shoulder . 
 the deities were all around her face . 
 `` get off her ! '' 
 he ran toward the little pests and swung at them wildly . 
 they jumped back in fright , but more attached themselves to the mammoi . 
 rilly began to make a panicky sound shaking her head back and forth . 
 `` the beast is cursed ! '' 
 a woman said from the crowd . 
 `` no ! 
 she 's not cursed . 
 hold on , rilly . '' 
 he began to yank the small entities off the mammoi one at a time . 
 they turned their fierce eyes on him and looked at his weapon with disgust . 
 `` how did you get glossmer ? '' 
 a deity , that was bigger than the rest , darted toward him and attacked his eyes with her pointed fingers . 
 rhyme dropped the staff . 
 `` ahh ! '' 
 he grabbed at his face his body twisting and turning in pain , searching the ground blindly . 
 elora ’n yssa elora ’n yssa rendra fingered a soft purple gown and held it up before her . 
 she examined the way the sun made it shimmer . 
 glimma 's market was way more elaborate than her own back home . 
 she was visiting glimma with her mad ' ra for a few days . 
 the market seemed to be more crowded than normal as she made her way to pay for the dress . 
 she spotted a basket full of golden colored bracelets and began to fan through them . 
 `` those are on sale today , '' said a woman with a smile , her white and pale pink hair curling around her face . 
 `` i see that you enjoy beautiful things . '' 
 she motioned toward the dress draped across elora 's shoulder . 
 `` i 'd like to purchase both of these . '' 
 elora ’n yssa held out the bracelet and dress . 
 the woman led her over to the counter . 
 elora reached into her bag of coin when she heard a loud commotion just outside the shop . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 she asked the merchant . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 she smiled at the woman and hurried out the door to see what was going on . 
 she stepped out the entrance to see people rushing toward the center of the street . 
 `` he 's mad , '' said one man . 
 `` look at that boy ! '' 
 a group of girls hurried toward whatever was happening . 
 forgetting about the dress and bracelet for a moment , elora hurried after the crowd , her interest piqued . 
 dust swirled through the air making her choke , as she pressed herself deeper into the crowd of onlookers . 
 she finally spotted what everyone was gaping at . 
 a boy with shoulder length red and white hair was waving about , grabbing his face , and acting like a complete maniac . 
 he was raving at the air and then began searching the ground for something . 
 she felt fear creep up her spine , but also something else . 
 she 'd never seen something so exciting in her life . 
 she spotted a shriveled staff a few feet from him . 
 was that what he sought ? 
 no one moved to aid the young boy , so she pushed her way past the people . 
 her brow flexed as the boy started shaking his fists and screaming at the sky . 
 what matter of mind was this ? 
 her mad ' ra would disapprove of her actions , so she hurried toward the staff and gripped it in her hand . 
 hot pain shot through her arm . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 she dropped the weapon but managed to kick it in the boy 's direction . 
 his hand closed over the wood , and it suddenly got solid and began to hum and glow with a powerful light . 
 she watched the burn on her hand heal . 
 who was this boy ? 
 `` grab him ! 
 he 's mad in his mind ! '' 
 shouted several people . 
 elora watched the boy whip his staff around forcefully so that no one came close to him . 
 `` i 'll get the high priest ! '' 
 elora said to the onlookers and ran toward the temple . 
 her fad ' ra would know what to do . 
 *** `` you stay away from him , '' graveri admonished his young daughter as she tried to urge him to come with her . 
 `` he 's acting like something is attacking him , fad ' ra . 
 please ! 
 ca n't you help him ? '' 
 her eyes welled with unshed tears . 
 graveri hesitated . 
 he 'd already dealt with this boy once ; he did n't want him anywhere near elora ’n yssa . 
 blast her tears . 
 he grabbed a white robe that was hanging on a silver hook and slipped it over himself . 
 `` i shall come , '' he said and followed his daughter into the market place . 
 rhyme rhyme swung at the deities , his face dripping with sweat . 
 he could hear the crowd murmuring around him and realized that they did n't see the pesky things that were attacking him . 
 he looked mad . 
 was he mad ? 
 his hand trembled as he clutched the glossmer staff . 
 he saw the priest who had kicked him out of the temple make his way through the crowd . 
 the white and pale blue haired zare looked regal with his long white beard and shrewd eyes . 
 veins of light grouped together and formed a ball of light in his palm . 
 he lifted his hand toward rhyme , and the orb was cast from it . 
 rhyme lifted his staff in the air and blocked it with a grunt . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 rhyme batted another deity away . 
 he watched their tiny bodies glimmer in and out of view . 
 if they stayed much longer they 'd fade permanently . 
 `` we 're not done with you , pod 's blood ! '' 
 said the largest of all the deities . 
 they flew back toward the dredge forest and disappeared . 
 rhyme let out a long sigh . 
 `` they 're gone ... '' he mumbled to himself . 
 the priest caught his words . 
 `` who 's gone ? '' 
 he held up his hand as if rhyme was a skittish mammoi . 
 `` the deities . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 he brushed himself off and watched the tiny scratches disappear from his arm . 
 his glossmer staff still glowed in his hand . 
 `` put the weapon down , '' the high priest said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 rhyme turned to face the elder , his eyes narrowing . 
 the priest raised another orb of light in his palm . 
 `` i said put the glossmer stick down . 
 come with me , and we 'll get you help . '' 
 the crowd began to murmur as the high priest moved closer to rhyme . 
 the orb of light hovered in front of him . 
 rhyme stared at the priest without fear , he was not letting go of da ’n ea 's gift . 
 `` i ca n't do that . 
 i 'm going back to work . '' 
 he nodded toward the priest and hopped up behind rilly in the seat . 
 the high priest raised the glowing orb higher so that it hovered right in front of the mammoi 's face . 
 `` you do n't understand . 
 you 're mind has been touched . 
 you must be cleansed of your infirmity . 
 come with me . '' 
 the mammoi 's clicks began to grow fearful . 
 rhyme stroked her head . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i 'm not mad . '' 
 rhyme felt fear building in his chest as he looked out over the people who wore worried , fearful , and angry expressions on their faces . 
 `` is he a threat ? '' 
 he heard one woman whisper to another . 
 `` just insane ... '' another said . 
 `` you have no choice . 
 come with me or be forced to come . '' 
 the priest 's orb grew in size , and his voice deepened with authority . 
 the orb spat sparks and started to cover rilly and rhyme with a dome of light . 
 rhyme felt the glossmer staff tremble under the pressure of the glow , but he clutched it like a lifeline . 
 `` no ! '' 
 rhyme tumbled forward out of the light and into the crowd . 
 `` grab him ! '' 
 the high priest waved his hand at the people as rhyme scrambled away . 
 hands scratched at rhyme 's shirt and pulled at his hair as he swung his weapon madly . 
 `` leave me alone ! '' 
 the world around him swirled . 
 angry faces blurred together , and he felt hands begin to restrain him . 
 he struggled beneath them , still trying to swing his weapon at whoever came close . 
 he tripped over someone 's foot and fell to the ground . 
 he tried to get up but felt pressure on his chest as one man held him down . 
 hands tried to pry his staff from his fingers . 
 `` venna ! '' 
 heat filled rhyme 's hand . 
 the glossmer staff began to glow brighter than he 'd ever seen before . 
 his body tingled strangely , and he heard people begin to scream as rivers of light flowed overtop of his skin . 
 he faded from view . 
 rhyme groaned , rubbing his head . 
 his eyes suddenly flew open as he felt soft moss beneath his fingers . 
 he was in the dredge forest again . 
 fear tingled in his chest , but he was thankful as well . 
 he held up the glossmer weapon . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 `` you 're welcome , silly . '' 
 a girly voice giggled . 
 rhyme grinned as venna knelt down beside him , her lacy cloak draped over her body . 
 underneath , a black , silky dress rested over her curves . 
 she sat down and tucked her knees against her chest . 
 `` are you alright , rhyme ? '' 
 her hand slipped into his , and she rested her head gently against his chest . 
 `` i 'm alright , venna . 
 thanks to you . 
 or was it ... ? '' 
 he stared at the wood . 
 `` a little of both . 
 da ’n ea gave you a powerful weapon . 
 you do n't know much about glossmer do you ? '' 
 she laughed , shaking her head back and forth . 
 her dark brown tresses waved around her face . 
 `` no , but everyone 's afraid of it . '' 
 he stared at the harmless looking staff . 
 `` well , yes , as they should be . 
 it 's a powerful weapon for the one who can use it . '' 
 she scooted away from him and stared into his face . 
 `` tell me , rhyme , what do you know of the ways of the light ? '' 
 `` um , not much . 
 i do n't know how to use it . '' 
 he shifted uncomfortably . 
 why did venna 's gaze make him feel uneasy ? 
 he missed da ’n ea . 
 venna 's laughter rang throughout the forest , and suddenly she disappeared . 
 rhyme shook his head in bewilderment . 
 deities . 
 they were so unpredictable . 
 `` there was only one other man who could wield glossmer . 
 da ’n ea must have wanted to see if you inherited his special abilities , '' venna 's voice sang from the midst of the trees . 
 rhyme strained to see her but could n't . 
 `` who ? '' 
 her laughter followed his question bouncing erratically through the branches . 
 `` your grandfa ' , pod , of course . '' 
 suddenly , the green-eyed girl was back before him . 
 `` it must have a name to gain more power . '' 
 `` i have to name a stick ? '' 
 the corners of his mouth curved into an amused smile . 
 the tinkling of hidden deities laughter made venna giggle . 
 `` there is a name for it that already exists if you wish to use it . '' 
 venna lifted his chin . 
 `` do you want to know the name of this powerful weapon ? '' 
 rhyme nodded , still feeling uneasy deep in his gut . 
 venna was acting strangely . 
 `` corroa . '' 
 the wind seemed to stop blowing and silence filled the forest . 
 venna 's lips parted sensually , and she ran her fingertip down rhyme 's cheek . 
 he shifted uncomfortably . 
 `` corroa ? '' 
 rhyme lifted the staff , wishing he could read the strange language engrained in its wood . 
 the name seemed to send a surge of power through his blood . 
 `` when you speak her name she 'll respond to you . 
 you called my name in her presence , so she brought you to me . '' 
 venna looked longingly at rhyme , her body twisting through the air like a mist . 
 `` last time ... i called da ’n ea . 
 oh ... '' understanding dawned on rhyme . 
 he caught venna 's gaze at him and blushed . 
 that was why he 'd been brought to the dredge forest . 
 `` so , corroa takes me wherever i want to go ? '' 
 `` she is like a fickle woman . '' 
 venna took a step closer to rhyme . 
 `` she does what she pleases , '' she breathed in his ear . 
 `` can you teach me how to wield her ? '' 
 he asked . 
 silence met his question . 
 venna was gone once again . 
 he gripped corroa and headed back to the village . 
 chapter 24 rhyme lifted a load of wood with a grunt and carried it into the merchant 's shop . 
 he wiped his brow , his eyes squinting up at the bright sun that bore down on him relentlessly . 
 he walked back over to the cart and heaved another load up onto his shoulder . 
 that 's when he spotted a girl . 
 she was slender with wavy white and fuchsia hair that hung down to her waist . 
 it was braided elaborately , with tiny golden flowers tucked neatly into her braids . 
 her beauty stunned him . 
 he 'd seen many girls in his village that were pretty . 
 none around him would even compare to this one . 
 it was as if el ' yi himself had kissed her . 
 a sudden jolt brought him out of his reverie . 
 `` look at all this wood ! 
 great job , rhyme , '' nikin said while slapping rhyme on the back . 
 rhyme dropped the load with a flop and rubbed the back of his head . 
 when he turned to face the girl again , she was gone . 
 had she just been a figment of his imagination , or did he really see her ? 
 elora ’n yssa elora ’n yssa 's mad ' ra , nia , hummed happily the next morning as she and elora walked through the market . 
 the shops were already abuzz with customers coming in and out , the merchants boasting of the best prices . 
 doghins slinked around people 's legs , happily chasing children . 
 one brushed past elora , and she reached her hand out to pet its spotted backside . 
 glimma felt like a new world . 
 exciting , beautiful , and the best part of it was there were endless amounts of shops to browse through . 
 the warm breeze teased elora 's hair and fluttered her light blue dress spotted with gems at the neckline , around her legs . 
 the dress had been a gift from her fad ' ra this morning after she 'd eaten breakfast with him . 
 it was becoming a rarity that they left si to come visit , even though her fad ' ra 's temple was here . 
 she 'd never understood that . 
 her mad ' ra had explained it to her when she was a child , but she still thought it foolish to live so far away from her fad ' ra . 
 nia lovingly fingered the jewelry in a shop they walked into ; her white-yellow hair hanging around her face . 
 elora picked up a delicately made pale pink necklace , her eyes taking in the detailed flowers that had been carefully crafted . 
 after a few minutes , they both purchased what they wanted and walked out of the shop . 
 elora and her mad ' ra sat down at a table after ordering lunch . 
 they set their plates down in front of them . 
 `` mad ' ra ? '' 
 elora 's eyes rose to meet her mad ' ra 's across the table . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 nia looked distracted as she watched the crowd of people around them . 
 her mad ' ra seemed nervous . 
 `` did fad ' ra tell you about that crazy boy i saw yesterday ? 
 the one who was raving about ? '' 
 elora took a sip out of a silver cup . 
 `` the poor boy . 
 someone needs to take him in and put his mind straight . 
 some children just need a firm hand . '' 
 nia lifted her own cup to her mouth and drank . 
 `` what if he really is seeing something ? 
 maybe we are the ones who are mad . '' 
 the thought came out before elora could stop it . 
 she put a hand to her mouth as her mad ' ra gave her a disapproving look . 
 `` elora , you should n't say such things , '' her mad ' ra scolded . 
 `` you stay away from that boy . '' 
 elora chewed thoughtfully , wondering why the boy was dangerous . 
 sure , he was mad , but was he really going to harm anyone ? 
 she 'd questioned her fad ' ra about his actions , but he 'd averted her questions , telling her the boy needed to be treated . 
 elora had watched the mad boy disappear underneath the crowd 's fingertips . 
 how did her fad ' ra explain that ? 
 she 'd never seen such a powerful display of the light . 
 something gripped at her inside . 
 she wanted to know more . 
 after they 'd finished their meal , they rose to their feet . 
 `` mad ' ra , i 'm going back to the shop down the street . 
 i was going to purchase something there . 
 is that alright ? '' 
 `` i 'll meet up with you later , '' nia said and gave her daughter a smile . 
 rhyme `` i have a new order for you , rhyme , '' nikin said as rhyme entered his shop . 
 rhyme was growing weary of cutting down the dredge forest wood , especially after his recent encounter with the deity . 
 `` i 'm ready for it , '' rhyme said with a smile , as he rested his hands on a wooden chair . 
 nikin pulled out a parchment and set it on the table with a snuff of his nose . 
 `` we do n't want any trouble with the deities , so i was thinking i 'd have you gather some average wood this time around . 
 thanks to you my shop is prospering again . '' 
 he turned to rhyme with a grin . 
 `` i might have to throw in some extra coin for that . '' 
 he slapped rhyme on the back good-naturedly . 
 `` thanks , sir . '' 
 `` pshhh , it 's nikin to you . 
 how about tonight we celebrate ? 
 i 'll invite over a few neighbors . '' 
 `` sounds great , boss . '' 
 rhyme smiled and picked up the list that rested on the table . 
 he walked out of nikin 's shop , grateful that he did n't have to go into the dredge forest today . 
 he knew just where to go for this list . 
 he walked toward rilly , a soft tune touching his lips . 
 the creature clicked excitedly when she saw him , and he patted her nose affectionately . 
 a loud clambering noise pulled his attention away from the mammoi and toward the market . 
 a couple men appearing to be a little drunk had just knocked over a merchant 's table of trinkets . 
 they walked away laughing as a girl scrambled to retrieve the precious merchandise . 
 rhyme recognized the man that had knocked into the booth . 
 kod . 
 he growled under his breath and ran across the street to help the girl . 
 he bent down and began to gather up the golden figurines that lay scattered in the dust , their shine now ruined . 
 `` what a worge-eater ! '' 
 she hissed under her breath as she placed the figurines back on the table . 
 `` this will take me hours to clean up ! '' 
 she looked dishearteningly at the dusty merchandise . 
 `` here , i 'll help you . '' 
 rhyme grabbed a cloth from his pocket and began to shine the figurines . 
 `` oh no , it 's alright , sir ! '' 
 rhyme continued to shine . 
 he held the one in his hand out to her perfectly clean . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i just have to make sure my order is filled by tonight . 
 i have a few minutes to spare . '' 
 he picked up another and began to clean it off . 
 the girl smiled at him in appreciation . 
 elora ’n yssa elora walked casually toward the shop where the purple dress had been , eying shops in-between as she went . 
 she spotted a boy with white-red hair helping a girl clean off dirty figurines that were dispersed in the dirt . 
 he seemed oddly familiar , but she could n't place how she knew him . 
 she looked at the shop next to them , her attention averted by the sparkling jewelry that was beautifully displayed . 
 `` hi , beautiful , '' said a man 's voice from behind her . 
 she ignored the comment , continuing to look through the jewelry . 
 he probably was talking to someone else . 
 she held up a ring with an embedded green stone . 
 it was stunning . 
 `` that ring would n't do you justice . '' 
 a hand lightly touched her arm . 
 elora turned to face a young man with white and purple hair and a scar running down his cheek . 
 he gave her a smile that unnerved elora . 
 she moved politely out of his reach and set the ring down . 
 she hurried toward the exit . 
 `` i did n't mean to run you off , '' he said with a laugh as he caught up to her . 
 `` i have a nice little place where it 's quiet , if you 'd like to get to know me a little better . '' 
 fear and anger mixed in the pit of her stomach . 
 `` no thank you , i must be on my way . '' 
 she tried to step around the young man again , but he blocked her . 
 `` what ? 
 do you think you 're too good for me ? 
 just give me a chance , beautiful . '' 
 `` let me pass . 
 i 'm not interested . '' 
 her voice shook as she looked around her . 
 no one seemed to be paying attention to this worge-eater . 
 he gripped her arm and pulled her toward him . 
 `` come on , i 'll make you feel things you 've never felt before . '' 
 he put a hand against her back . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 she struggled to get out of his grip . 
 chapter 25 rhyme rhyme heard a girl shouting and turned his head as he finished dusting off another figurine . 
 the girl next to him looked over and frowned . 
 `` that 's the guy who knocked my table over . 
 what is he doing to that girl ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 rhyme set the merchandise down on the table . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 he glanced at rilly who was still waiting patiently . 
 his staff was tucked away on his cart . 
 he hesitated for a moment . 
 he did n't really have time to run across the street and retrieve it . 
 he recognized the young man right away . 
 it was the one he 'd dropped fruit on . 
 he panicked for a minute but then kept walking . 
 `` leave her alone , worge-breath ! '' 
 the sound of his voice made kod loose the girl 's arm . 
 rhyme was distracted for a minute by the beauty of the girl but then recovered . 
 `` you ! '' 
 the man turned his attention to him , his hands balling into fists . 
 the girl scampered from rhyme 's view . 
 he second guessed his bravado as the young man 's fist came hurtling toward his face . 
 he dodged it just in time and kod stumbled forward , caught off-guard of how quickly rhyme moved . 
 rhyme glanced once at rilly . 
 why had n't he grabbed corroa ! 
 he dipped backward as kod swung at him again . 
 he heard the girl gasp . 
 `` the fruit thing was an accident , '' he said , weaving around the tables of the shop . 
 rhyme managed to get outside and kod followed . 
 `` this is n't about the fruit , worge-eater ! '' 
 kod bellowed and swung again . 
 rhyme managed to stay just out of the boy 's reach . 
 he watched the girl blend into the curious crowd that had gathered to watch the brawl taking place . 
 he turned his attention back around when a big meaty fist lodged into his jaw . 
 he staggered back in shock . 
 the crowd let out a yelp , whether of excitement or horror he was n't quite sure . 
 the bigger zare was still coming ; his fists were hard and fast . 
 rhyme managed to tumble out of the way just before kod 's foot landed in his gut . 
 rhyme hopped to his feet and darted behind him . 
 `` get him , kod ! '' 
 jeered a man from the crowd . 
 rhyme let out a whistle , a smile twisting on his face . 
 he may not be as big as this load of worge-dung , but he was much , much faster . 
 the young man charged him , his face a mask of anger and embarrassment . 
 rhyme dodged around him again and watched as his opponent 's footing slipped on one of the fallen figurines , and he went headlong into a vendor selling fertilizer . 
 a roar resounded from his lips as the white and purple haired man got covered in dung . 
 rhyme was not trying to make this young man more vengeful ; it just seemed to be happening . 
 should he run ? 
 kod was shaking himself off , spitting clumps of brown fertilizer from his mouth . 
 rhyme looked up , and he noticed the pretty girl that 'd he 'd saved was watching him . 
 could he really run away like a coward in front of her ? 
 or should he face this giant like a warrior ? 
 i 'm no warrior ! 
 he thought as kod collected himself , faced rhyme with a sneer , and charged . 
 the crowd gasped as rhyme got plummeted into a vender on the other side of the street . 
 gold and silver colored trinkets scattered around him like rain . 
 one heavy item smashed his hand and pain briefly ricocheted through his bones . 
 he hissed . 
 that did n't stop the larger zare ; he came at him again , driving his big meaty fists into rhyme 's face . 
 rhyme struggled to move beneath kod 's weight , his legs kicking futilely . 
 why was no one helping him ? 
 `` get off my brother , worge-dung , or i 'll have to kill you , '' a low voice growled . 
 rhyme barely heard it , but it gave pause to his attacker . 
 enough pause , so that oni’on ripped the boy off him . 
 rhyme tried to get to his feet but failed as his head swam . 
 his hand was still aching as it tried to heal itself . 
 oni’on oni’on sent his fist flying into his brother 's enemy , his face a mask of anger . 
 who was this dung-covered fool to try and hurt his family ? 
 the young man staggered backward . 
 oni’on gripped the boy 's head and cracked it against his own skull . 
 the younger boy came crashing to the ground , probably sporting a massive headache . 
 he rocked back and forth , screeching like a dying scomperoo , his hands cupped over his head . 
 oni’on might not have known much about life , but he did know how to throw a punch . 
 he strolled toward rhyme . 
 his younger brother was trying to rise back to his feet . 
 `` you alright , rhyme ? '' 
 oni’on asked gruffly . 
 the wounds looked as if they were slowly healing , but his hand appeared broken . 
 oni’on saw a girl who was standing on the outskirts watching the whole thing . 
 she captivated his younger brother 's gaze . 
 that was nothing but trouble brewing . 
 so , he did what any big brother would do ; he embarrassed the kid . 
 if his brother had done all that to impress a girl , then he was heading down the same path as oni’on , and he could n't take that . 
 he gripped rhyme by his broken hand . 
 his younger brother cried out in pain , stumbling from his feet and into the dust . 
 `` was this for her ? 
 take it from me , baby brother , you do n't want this life . '' 
 he twisted rhyme 's hand so that it cracked in several places . 
 there , that will last a few good hours before it readjusts itself to normal . 
 rhyme would remember the pain of how looking good for one girl had felt . 
 rhyme venna and several deities swarmed rhyme as he lay drenched in sweat . 
 every inch of him ached , and his hand was so painful it brought tears to his eyes . 
 `` rhyme ? 
 where is corroa ? 
 where is she , rhyme ? 
 you should always keep her near you . '' 
 venna 's eyes pleaded with him . 
 rhyme tucked his broken hand against his chest . 
 `` i did n't have time to grab her , venna . '' 
 `` he 's speaking to nothing ... '' voices murmured . 
 `` he 's mad , '' more whispered . 
 venna swirled through the air and landed in front of him . 
 `` i can restore your health if you let me , rhyme . 
 please let me . '' 
 she held out her fingers toward him . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 it will heal . '' 
 rhyme 's eyes carried over to where the girl lingered in the crowd . 
 she looked terrified as she watched him talking to the deity girl . 
 chapter 26 oni’on oni’on 's eyes narrowed as he watched his brother talk to an unseen being . 
 what was going on here ? 
 the crowd of people were growing nervous as his brother had a conversation with someone named venna . 
 oni’on approached rhyme . 
 fear gripped him for his brother 's sanity . 
 the fear made him angry . 
 `` silence your babbling ! 
 whoever you think you 're seeing , rhyme , is n't real . '' 
 oni’on saw his brother tremble in fear of him . 
 who was he becoming ? 
 did n't he remember trembling before his fad ' ra like that ? 
 rhyme glared at him , rose to his feet , and bolted down the street . 
 elora ’n yssa elora stared blankly out the window of her fad ' ra 's house still thinking about the event that had taken place . 
 the mad boy had saved her . 
 no one else was coming to her aid as that worge-dung had tried to force her to come with him . 
 watching the mad boy get beat up and then the other man crushing his hand made her shiver in anger . 
 why would he save the boy and then hurt him ? 
 she was grateful her mad ' ra had missed the whole ordeal . 
 she wrapped her arms around herself and drew in a deep breath . 
 despite her joy of being with her fad ' ra , glimma felt dangerous . 
 she 'd have to be more careful while she shopped . 
 her curiosity about the red-white haired boy flared . 
 was he really insane , or was he seeing something that was hidden from normal people 's eyes ? 
 she wanted to find him and thank him for saving her . 
 stelane neuge city icer domain silvies songs mingled into the afternoon wind . 
 the sound swirled around stelane where she was held fast at the edge of the icer domain . 
 the ice beneath her feet crunched as she shifted from foot to foot . 
 she 'd had to get away . 
 she knew standing near the edge of the border was dangerous , especially after one of the guards had been brutally murdered . 
 her entire life her father had warned her not to go past the border and into zare territory . 
 the warmth would destroy her . 
 she watched the giant trees sway as if a woman seducing a man , their branches rattling like coaxing fingers . 
 her pale white hand lifted , and she swept it forward as if to touch the invisible barrier between the two worlds . 
 what was it like to feel the warmth of the sun on your face and not feel pain ? 
 she often came here to break away from her father 's watchful gaze and to think for a few minutes before some slave called her back . 
 her mind drifted to the race that lived just beyond the other side of the forest . 
 the zares . 
 she 'd never seen an unaltered zare , except once , and that was moments before her father had given him the surgery and turned him into another drone that worked at their castle . 
 the boy had been just a child , hardly ten-years-old . 
 his look of terror was enough to haunt her for years . 
 she saw the reasoning behind her father 's methods in removing parts of the zares brains so that they could adapt to the cold temperatures , but it seemed like there was a less cruel way to do it . 
 then again , her father had never been known to be kind or gentle in the least bit . 
 she remembered when she had been just four-years-old , and he 'd threatened to cut off her finger if she did n't obey him . 
 he 'd held the knife out and had even drawn blood before she 'd repented for whatever she had been doing . 
 no wonder nahor wanted out of this place . 
 she gazed out into the forest just beyond her reach and something inside her ached . 
 she wished she had been born in a different world . 
 she brushed her foot on the crystallized line . 
 hearing the sweet tune of silvies , she rested her chin on her palm and sat down to watch the life on the other side . 
 shrubs stirred as little scomperoos darted around them . 
 the branches of the trees bowed before them like servants . 
 her eyelids drooped , and she feared she 'd fall asleep , so she stood back up to her feet . 
 she was about to turn to walk back to the castle when a flash of white caught her eye . 
 a small gasp escaped her lips as she saw a young zare boy chasing something big through the woods . 
 she hiked up her dress and ran to watch him as he darted around trees right near the edge of their worlds . 
 the boy looked strong and had white and dark purple hair that looked untamed . 
 he was whooping and hollering so loud that she feared all of neuge city would hear him . 
 he suddenly came to a halt . 
 she stopped with him on the other side of the forest . 
 his gaze met hers , and his eyebrows arched in surprise . 
 stelane stared back at him . 
 he was unlike anything she 'd ever seen . 
 she would n't doubt that he could wrestle a mammoi to the ground and win . 
 whatever he 'd been chasing seemed to come to a stop as well and tromped over toward him . 
 `` iri , come here ya , brute ! '' 
 he called with a laugh in his voice . 
 stelane watched as a 500 pound doghin come out from behind some trees . 
 his long muzzle dripped with drool and sweat , and his furry , spotted body was covered in leaves and sticks . 
 she 'd never seen a doghin grow that big . 
 `` do n't mind his appearance . 
 he does n't have a woman , yet . '' 
 he rubbed the doghin 's head good-naturedly . 
 the boy 's grin spread as the big doghin shook his muzzle like he disagreed with the statement . 
 `` why do n't you say hello , iri . '' 
 the zare 's golden eyes danced with light . 
 the doghin gave a snuffing noise , his big muzzle nodding up and down . 
 his paws stomped the ground , and he bowed politely . 
 `` show off , '' muttered the boy with a roll of his eyes . 
 `` i 'm glide . 
 we were having us some exercise . 
 huh , boy . '' 
 he ruffled iri 's head and scratched his nose . 
 with his tongue hanging out in pleasure , the pet lay on his side panting . 
 `` oh -- i 'm um , i 'm stelane . 
 i did n't mean to interrupt your run , '' she stuttered with a flush . 
 `` no trouble . 
 we are n't ever troubled by a pretty face . 
 is n't that right , boy ? '' 
 glide smiled at her which made stelane 's stomach flip-flop . 
 `` do you come here often ? '' 
 he asked casually . 
 stelane glanced back at the castle . 
 her father would be looking for her if she did n't leave soon . 
 it would be awful if they sent out a slave . 
 she turned her face back to glide . 
 `` i will meet you here tomorrow if you wish . 
 i 'd like to talk more , but i must run ! '' 
 she snapped her head back toward the castle as she saw a brown-haired slave approaching . 
 `` tomorrow then , same time ? '' 
 he asked with a hopeful expression . 
 she smiled at him , nodded , and darted toward the castle . 
 she 'd met a boy . 
 maybe he was a zare , and she could never be with him , but she felt an excitement she 'd never felt before . 
 nahor `` there you are , sister . '' 
 nahor chuckled as stelane came running into the castle a smile draped across her face . 
 he picked up a pack and loaded it over his shoulder . 
 he was finally getting out of this castle . 
 he hated leaving his little sister to the scrutiny of his father , but it was this or go mad . 
 he chose the former . 
 he watched as she darted up the long spindly stairs , nearly plowing over a slave boy who was carrying a tray . 
 what was that girl 's hurry ? 
 the wind picked up and swirled snow around nahor 's shoulders as he walked back outside with a trunk on top of his shoulder . 
 he loaded the last of his belongings into his carriage and let out a long sigh of relief . 
 the weight of this place was already starting to slide off his shoulders . 
 he glanced over to see stelane standing behind him with a scowl on her young face . 
 she was n't happy with him , but he had to leave . 
 he had to . 
 she walked over to him her arms crossed , her wild brown hair hanging around her thin shoulders . 
 he could see that she was holding back tears . 
 `` how long , nahor ? '' 
 she asked quietly , holding her head down . 
 her fingers fumbled with her skirt . 
 nahor felt his heart prick . 
 he wished he could take her with him . 
 he did n't want her to face their father alone . 
 the thought trailed off as he gently lifted her pale chin . 
 `` i will come back i promise . 
 well ... as long as you do n't throw any more saucers at my head . '' 
 he winked and pulled her into his arms . 
 he could feel her body shudder for several moments before he let her go . 
 `` did n't you find a boy at your gathering that you liked ? '' 
 he asked hopefully and wiped the tears from her cheeks . 
 she stared up at him like a child , her lip quivering . 
 `` i do n't know , nahor , maybe . 
 i 'm going to miss you . 
 please , hurry home . '' 
 she kissed his cheek , turned around , and fled back toward the castle , her brown hair trailing behind her . 
 nahor climbed in the carriage his mind uneasy . 
 he would miss stelane , but the drive to leave this castle was stronger . 
 he 'd come back . 
 at least that 's what he told himself . 
 chapter 27 stelane the world was blurry through her tears as stelane ran up toward the castle . 
 she got close enough to see her mother in the window and darted away from the door instead . 
 she did n't realize where she was going until she stood on the borderline of the icer domain , her shoulders shaking . 
 why did nahor have to leave ? 
 why could n't he just stay close by ? 
 her brother and she had always had a close knit bond . 
 they comforted each other from their father 's wrath , their mother 's sickness , and the lonely walls of the castle . 
 she stood toes touching the line and wishing she could step over . 
 wishing she could be anywhere else . 
 she sat down holding her face in her hands . 
 nahor had always taken the brunt of everything . 
 he always knew what she was thinking and got them out of awkward social events . 
 she was lost without him . 
 a sudden movement in the woods startled her , and she looked up to see glide holding a basket in his hand . 
 `` hi , '' he said with a smile . 
 his straight hair was angled around his chin and looked neatly in place today . 
 she smiled back at him . 
 `` hi . '' 
 he set the basket down right up to the edge of the border . 
 `` i was n't sure if you 'd be here , but i brought enough for two if you 'd like some . '' 
 he tipped the basket slightly , so she could see the contents inside of it . 
 the food looked foreign but delicious . 
 `` i 'd like that , '' she nearly whispered still feeling emotions swirling through her . 
 he took a few things out of the basket and set them on a blanket . 
 he sat down then slid the basket through the barrier . 
 she watched as ice crawled over it instantly , and she winced . 
 `` sorry , it may get ruined over on this side . '' 
 `` it 's alright . '' 
 he grinned at her and began to crunch on a piece of orange fruit . 
 stelane opened the basket and peered inside . 
 she pulled out some bread and the same orange fruit and began to nibble on it . 
 `` is that where you live ? '' 
 he asked her , casually motioning toward the castle . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 the flavor of the fruit danced on her tongue . 
 `` are you a servant there ? '' 
 he leaned back , the wind teasing his hair around his face . 
 stelane felt apprehensive , thinking of the mutilated zares that roamed the halls of the castle . 
 `` yeah , i work there ... '' `` is he as bad as everyone says ? '' 
 glide took a sip out of a waterbag . 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 stelane looked at the castle . 
 he had no idea . 
 suddenly , a wet tongue slobbered her cheek . 
 she fell backward with a grunt and laughed . 
 iri pinned her down , sniffed at her face , and licked her again . 
 `` thanks , iri . 
 i needed that , '' she said softly so that glide could n't hear her . 
 `` come here , iri ! 
 no one wants your smelly breath in their face ! '' 
 glide gave her an apologetic look . 
 iri gave her one more proper lick and then went across the border to his friend . 
 stelane giggled . 
 otsana wolfinic village dredge forest the wind twisted otsana 's fur as she ran toward the center of the village after delivering shema to her mate . 
 she held in her mouth the vision-stone that shema had discovered in the glade . 
 her mind was haunted with visions that made dread spread through her . 
 were they accurate or just fears manifesting in her thoughts ? 
 she came to the center of the village and let out a long , deep howl that immediately drew her village to her . 
 this stone needed to be discussed amongst everyone . 
 like the trickling of a river , her race began to manifest and walk toward her . 
 mothers instructed their pups to stay indoors . 
 `` otsana , '' said elder pois as she nudged her in greeting . 
 soon all the adults , that could come without leaving their pups , were gathered . 
 otsana simply started walking toward the offsite area , where they discussed matters . 
 her village quietly followed behind her , knowing that whatever she had to say was of great importance . 
 as soon as they reached their destination , otsana lifted her eyes to everyone . 
 she carefully stood on her two hind paws and held the vision-stone up . 
 murmurs mixed with whimpers rumbled through the forest . 
 elder pois drew closer , her eyes scanning the vision-stone with a critical eye . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 otsana said and growled threateningly at her people . 
 `` who made this ? '' 
 she slammed the stone down on a table carved from a giant tree . 
 it hit it with a loud thud . 
 the wolfinics gathered were silent . 
 `` this is an abomination to our people . 
 just look at it ! '' 
 she picked up the stone and slammed it down again in frustration . 
 `` there is nothing to worry about , otsana , '' an elder wolfinic , with a gray face and white back , said . 
 he was one of the oldest of their race and carried much weight with the others . 
 otsana let out a hot breath through her nose . 
 `` how is a vision-stone nothing to worry about , elder plue ? 
 whoever created this has set this future in motion . '' 
 elder plue let out a deep sigh . 
 `` we have known about this vision-stone . 
 we thought it had been lost . 
 where did you find it ? '' 
 he asked , his tone heavy . 
 `` in the glade . '' 
 the forest seemed to hold its breath with her words . 
 `` the vision was proved to be false . 
 the wolfinic who bit this deannicle stone was banished for her false sight and has long since passed on . 
 you do n't remember who made this do you ? '' 
 `` she is dead then ? '' 
 otsana said , ignoring the second question . 
 not many wolfinics died off . 
 `` there is no proof of her death , but many believe she is dead . 
 you have no memory of this vision-stone 's maker ? '' 
 elder plue said eying her strangely . 
 otsana watched him exchange a look with elder pois and shook her head no . 
 `` it 's probably for the best , '' elder plue expressed calmly . 
 the wolfinics touched each other 's noses at the news . 
 once the wolfinic was dead , and if she had been proven to be a false seer , then the village had nothing to worry about . 
 fear wriggled in otsana 's mind like a sliver digging deeper and deeper . 
 but what if the wolfinic was n't a false seer and the vision-stone would come to pass ? 
 *** a happy yipping woke otsana out of a disturbing night vision . 
 she felt a paw batting at her nose and a little chirpy voice speaking in her mind . 
 wake up , mama ! 
 wake up ! 
 she slowly opened her tired eyes . 
 maybe the mind link was a bad idea . 
 she buried her nose into her paws as the little pup bounced around like a scomperoo . 
 shema 's nose nuzzled underneath otsana 's paws with loud snuffs . 
 mama ! 
 i want to play ! 
 can we play ? 
 the chirpy voice continued as shema danced , her furry tail wagging uncontrollably . 
 otsana playfully pushed her pup away . 
 she yawned , her large tongue uncurling out of her mouth . 
 `` go ask your father . 
 mama wants to sleep a little longer . '' 
 her eyes fought to stay closed against the warm sun beating through the dirty glass windowpane . 
 papa said to ask you ! 
 mama , can we go hunting again ? 
 i liked that ! 
 otsana groaned . 
 mur had gotten up early last time with their little pup , so she flopped one of her legs out of bed and stretched with a groan . 
 she managed to get her eyes open and nudged her pup in greeting . 
 `` i 'm up , shema , but we can not hunt today , maybe on the next morn . '' 
 she licked shema in the face making her yip happily . 
 alright , mama , can we go outside and play ? 
 the little pup looked up at her mother with anticipation . 
 `` let 's eat some breakfast first . '' 
 otsana stood on her hind legs , stretched , and plopped back down in the midst of the dirty floor . 
 mur had fallen back asleep in the corner . 
 otsana licked her front tooth , shook her scruffy head , and looked over at the pile of bones that lay in the corner . 
 maybe she would have to hunt . 
 there was nothing like having fresh meat , and by the looks of it mur had finished off her kills . 
 she sniffed the pile to see if there were a few scraps left for shema , but it smelt like there was nothing . 
 after a hopeful nudge at one more bit of bone she let out a gruff sigh . 
 she was either going to have to wake up mur to watch shema or take the pup hunting with her . 
 mur seemed really tired , so she opted for option two . 
 `` we are going hunting after all , shema , '' she said with a twist of her head . 
 the pup barked happily and wagged her long , furry tail so hard that her entire backside bounced up and down . 
 otsana laughed , picked her up by the scruff , threw her on her back , and headed out the door . 
 the sun was warm as otsana set shema down on the forest floor . 
 her nose picked up a light scent of some elkens . 
 they were good kills , but rather boring for her . 
 she stretched , still tired from the restless night of sleep . 
 shema bit into some sort of plant and began to tear at it with playful growls . 
 it would n't be too long before shema could speak without the mind link . 
 otsana settled her mind into her visions . 
 it was the easiest way to hunt , and her bed was sounding mighty nice to her . 
 she spotted a flit , which was a little juicer than an elken . 
 she placed the image in the forefront of her mind , picked up shema , and jogged toward the spot where the creature would be in just a short moment . 
 mama , can i kill it ? 
 shema begged in otsana 's mind . 
 otsana 's heart squeezed in love at the request . 
 the pup was way too young to make a kill , but how could she say no ? 
 shema licked her chops . 
 `` let mama make the first pounce , but you will make the ultimate death kill ! '' 
 her lip curled in mock fierceness . 
 shema wiggled excitedly , her eyes widening . 
 otsana concentrated to make sure the flit was still on his way . 
 he was . 
 she lowered herself to the ground . 
 there was no need to do this , but it was entertaining to watch shema imitate her . 
 `` shema , after mama pounces you 'll bite his throat for the kill , understand ? '' 
 shema just squirmed in reply , her eyes narrowing in an effort to focus . 
 the vision grew clearer until otsana spotted the flit coming around the corner . 
 they were meaty creatures , with large muscles , and heads shaped like a bird . 
 they used their heavy limbs to smash anything in their way , and their feathered tails curled out behind their backs . 
 they were fairly intelligent , so it was a bit of a challenge to snag one , but otsana had never let one get away yet . 
 the flit moved his head from side to side as if thinking of something important . 
 she wondered if he could smell them . 
 she opened her mind again and could see it all clearly . 
 no , this flit was going to die right here right now . 
 she waited a heartbeat then sprang forward her teeth bared , and her sharp claws extended . 
 the flit let out a sharp cry as her heavy body slammed into him . 
 she pinned him to the ground and bit out a chunk of his larynx . 
 he would be dead within a second , but she 'd promised shema the kill . 
 `` come ! '' 
 shema regally came running out of the hiding spot she 'd been in and jumped atop the flit her sharp , tiny teeth ripping roughly into the creature 's neck . 
 blood splashed both of them as the flit drew his last breath . 
 it was way messier than otsana ever did , but it was her pup 's first kill , and she was so proud that her chest puffed out . 
 shema was still ripping into the creature until otsana pulled her off with a barky laugh . 
 `` he 's dead , shema ! 
 let 's not tear his hide apart before we get him home . 
 you did well ! '' 
 she thrust her nose into her pup 's underbelly and licked . 
 shema yipped happily and lightheartedly bit at her mother 's fur . 
 `` mama , i did it ! '' 
 a squeaky voice came out of the pup 's mouth much to otsana 's surprise . 
 generally , it was several more months before a pup developed the tongue . 
 she should have known her daughter would succeed even in this . 
 `` your tongue has been loosed ! '' 
 otsana licked her pup 's mouth gladly and nudged her with her nose . 
 shema started jumping up and down standing on her hind legs for a few moments . 
 `` i can speak ! '' 
 they made their way back toward the village dragging their kill behind them . 
 `` papa ! 
 look at what i killed ! '' 
 shema bounced into the house , her paws wildly swinging in excitement . 
 otsana dragged the flit into the house and instantly began to gut it to get to the fresh meat . 
 she tore off a chunk and tossed it to shema , who was still happily dancing around . 
 mur lifted his head . 
 he 'd still been asleep , but the sound of shema 's new voice woke him instantly . 
 `` you got your language ! '' 
 he nudged her belly affectionately a grin on his dark muzzle . 
 `` can we eat it now ? '' 
 shema 's eyes danced with expectation . 
 otsana chuckled as she finished dividing the meat amongst them . 
 `` yes , you can eat now , shema . '' 
 chapter 28 rhyme glimma village zare territory raindrops trickled down from the leaves of the majestic trees that stretched high above rhyme 's head . 
 he held his face in his hands as the memory of his brother 's abuse went through his mind . 
 everyone thought him mad , even his own brother . 
 he did n't want to see deities anymore . 
 why did they only show themselves to him ? 
 the dripping of raindrops suddenly ceased , and his body instantly stiffened . 
 something was wrong . 
 he had made sure he stayed on the outer edge of the deities territory so they would n't bother him . 
 he lifted his face to see three deity women staring at him with confusion . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 whispered a sorrowful faced girl , with black ringlets , to a light haired one . 
 `` yes , he sees us , sister . '' 
 the light haired one smiled at him , her pale skin shimmering in the sunlight . 
 her long flowing white gown rippled around her feet as if a wind blew it . 
 the furthest one from them , a girl with straight brown hair , did n't look pleased with the other two . 
 `` hello , grandson of pod , '' said the light haired one . 
 `` i am avilia . 
 these are my sisters leanza and corell . '' 
 `` i 'm not in the mood right now , '' rhyme said gripping corroa tightly . 
 he wanted to be alone . 
 `` oh , i see , '' avilia said sadly , `` maybe i was mistaken . '' 
 she turned and motioned toward her sisters . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 mistaken about what ? '' 
 `` da ’n ea chose you . 
 is that correct ? '' 
 avilia 's light tresses swirled around her shoulders as she said da ’n ea 's name . 
 `` she gave me this . '' 
 he held up the staff with a light scowl . 
 `` have you named your weapon ? '' 
 asked the one called leanza . 
 rhyme watched the rainbow colors of her skin dance in the reflection of the sun , her golden colored eyes filled with concern . 
 `` this is foolish ! '' 
 corell scolded her two sisters . 
 `` yes , her name is corroa . '' 
 when the name slipped from his lips the three deities seemed to vanish for a moment . 
 when they shimmered back into view he looked at them helplessly . 
 `` what just happened ? 
 are you alright ? '' 
 corell shrieked at her sisters in a language rhyme could n't comprehend . 
 they looked at him fearfully . 
 `` you have named her corroa ? 
 after venna ? '' 
 `` venna told me that the staff already had a name . 
 what 's wrong with that name ? '' 
 avilia stared uneasily at the weapon . 
 `` she has betrayed you , grandson of pod . '' 
 `` have you no knowledge of the deity race ? '' 
 leanza looked at him apprehensively . 
 `` he 's a fool ! '' 
 corell 's eyes blazed . 
 `` do n't you know your family heritage ? '' 
 avilia asked him with a tilt of her head . 
 `` my family are all fools . 
 my brother 's a drunk , and my fad ' ra is an abusive worge-eater . '' 
 rhyme gripped corroa tightly , his eyes narrowing . 
 `` leave me alone ; i do n't want to talk to you . '' 
 he turned and ran back toward glimma ignoring the three deities pleas for him to listen . 
 elora ’n yssa glimma village a cool breeze wafted through elora 's window as she lazily awoke from a dream she 'd been having . 
 she dreamt close to the same thing every night . 
 there was always a light , warmth , and a voice that spoke to her . 
 she never remembered what the voice had said in her dreams , just a comforting feeling that left a smile on her face . 
 her mad ' ra would want to leave to go back to si soon . 
 every moment with her fad ' ra was precious to her . 
 she still did n't understand why they did n't live here in glimma . 
 her mad ' ra never spoke of her fad ' ra or his practice as the high priest . 
 elora ’n yssa had always wanted to be a priestess and follow in her fad ' ra 's footsteps , but it was the one thing her mad ' ra forbid her to do . 
 she told her that practicing the ways of the light was n't meant for young girls . 
 she was to find a husband , settle down , and that was it . 
 elora had never really argued about learning the ways of the light . 
 she could sense the fear in her mad ' ra 's voice when she talked about it . 
 what had happened in the field then ? 
 she slipped her feet from with under the covers and stretched as the sound of silvies sang their hello . 
 she heard her fad ' ra laughing outside her room and smiled . 
 it was nice to hear that sound . 
 a few seconds ticked by , and she heard her mad ' ra 's voice mingle with the laugh . 
 `` graveri , it 's not been that long has it ? '' 
 asked her mad ' ra . 
 she giggled and elora heard rummaging around . 
 what were they doing out there ? 
 she suddenly realized she was hearing them through her wall ; they were in their room . 
 oh el ' yi . 
 she choked on a laugh . 
 she slipped her dress and shoes on , snuck out the door , and headed toward the market . 
 they deserved some time alone . 
 the merchants had n't opened up their shops yet as elora ambled down the center of the street . 
 her eyes drifted from one booth to the next , not really paying attention to where she was walking . 
 suddenly , she ran smack into a large body . 
 she stumbled backward in surprise gasping as her foot twisted . 
 pain shot up her ankle , and she let out a small whimper . 
 the man she 'd run into turned and saw her almost fall . 
 he reached out and grabbed her arm before she hit the dirt . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 he said with a smile . 
 he was a broad young man , with piercing golden-purple eyes that seemed to undress her where she stood . 
 he laughed as he settled her back on her feet . 
 `` ca n't let a pretty thing like you mess up her face . 
 name 's kod . '' 
 `` elora ’n yssa . '' 
 elora did n't like this man already , and he seemed oddly familiar . 
 suddenly she remembered . 
 he was the man rhyme had rescued her from in the booth . 
 `` let 's take a walk , elora ’n yssa . 
 let me show you the village . '' 
 he pulled her to his chest , his eyes darting to a couple men that were hovering around the brothel doorsteps . 
 elora looked fearfully to the booths , but they still were n't open yet . 
 there was no one else on the street but these men . 
 fear choked her words from her throat . 
 scream ! 
 she said to herself , but nothing came from her dry lips . 
 she pushed herself away from the man 's chest and tripped on an empty crate . 
 pain shot up her leg , and she landed with an oomph in the dirt . 
 `` now , now , little thing , we are n't going to hurt you , '' kod said and motioned for his friends to circle around her . 
 `` we just want to have a little fun . '' 
 the other men laughed and began to speak crude comments to her that made her blush . 
 `` i want her first , kod , '' said a skinny man that looked at her like a worge . 
 the lust in his eyes made elora shiver . 
 what did she do ? 
 `` help ! 
 somebody help ! '' 
 the men just laughed at her . 
 they bullied her into the back alley of one of the stores . 
 elora ’n yssa tried pushing against their grabbing hands , but she could tell they were just teasing her right now . 
 one tore her shoulder strap from her dress and laughed when her hand went flying across his face . 
 `` get away from me ! '' 
 she took several steps backward until her back was up against the stone wall of the alley . 
 she had n't known it would be so dangerous in glimma . 
 she curled her fists and shook with anger . 
 how dare they ! 
 she was the daughter of the high priest . 
 `` my fad ' ra is the high priest . 
 if you do this , he will call on the wrath of el ' yi . '' 
 her voice quivered , so it did n't quite have the affect she wanted . 
 the men erupted into laughter grabbing their stomachs . 
 `` el ' yi will curse us huh ? 
 like the vullens ? 
 he 's going to curse us to live in a brothel the rest of our lives ? 
 oh hurry , men , let the girl go , or we 're all doomed ! '' 
 kod shook his hands in mockery . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt you , '' elora said softly , her eyes downcast . 
 she snapped them up as a hand touched her . 
 `` leave me alone . '' 
 the skinny man approached her , his stringy white and blue hair hanging around his gaunt face . 
 `` come on , sweetie . '' 
 he was reaching for her when something smacked him in the face . 
 elora jumped in surprise as a boy was suddenly in front of her . 
 `` get back , worge-breath . 
 leave her alone . '' 
 the back of a boy with white and red hair that hung to his shoulders stood in-between elora and her attackers . 
 the other men crept forward , and elora watched the boy swing a staff . 
 she heard a harsh hissing noise and the sounds of the men screaming in pain . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 the skinny man bellowed , gripping his charred chest in pain . 
 `` what is that he wields ? '' 
 `` it 's a stick , idiots ! 
 get him ! '' 
 kod said to his group of friends . 
 rhyme rhyme brandished corroa fervently , swinging wildly at the group of men , who had surrounded a beautiful girl . 
 corroa burned the men 's skin as he hit his mark again and again . 
 his staff began to glow causing the men to scatter . 
 `` stab it into the ground ! '' 
 said a voice in rhyme 's ear . 
 he watched as the deity inscription on the weapon began to glow . 
 he stabbed the staff into the ground and rivers of light flowed toward the feet of the men . 
 they jumped in surprise howling with pain as the hot light burned their shoes right through . 
 they turned around and began to run away in fright . 
 `` he 's a warrior ! '' 
 rhyme heard one say as he darted out of the alley . 
 a warrior ? 
 rhyme never thought himself a warrior . 
 he looked at his staff as the rest of the men fled from him . 
 kod stared him down with pure hatred . 
 once the last of them left the alley , he turned to the pretty girl that was shivering up against the wall . 
 `` h. . 
 h ... how did you do that ? 
 how do you know how to wield the light like that ? '' 
 her fear of him looked almost as great as her fear of the men who 'd attacked her . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you i promise . '' 
 he tucked corroa back into a sleeve on his back . 
 he held up his hands as if approaching a skittish mammoi . 
 `` you did n't answer me , '' she whispered , and he saw a little bit of her fear leave . 
 `` thank you , by the way . 
 i 'm elora ’n yssa . '' 
 `` i 'm rhyme . 
 sorry , i did n't mean to scare you too . 
 i just heard your cry before i went to work . '' 
 he looked away from her , his cheeks burning red . 
 chapter 29 elora ’n yssa elora observed the boy closely . 
 she guessed he was close to her age . 
 `` do you live in glimma ? '' 
 rhyme said taking her in as she had done to him . 
 `` i live in si with my mad ' ra . 
 my fad ' ra lives here in the temple . '' 
 `` a priest ? '' 
 rhyme asked , and she saw his face tighten slightly . 
 her eyebrow flicked in concern . 
 did he know her fad ' ra ? 
 suddenly , elora realized who the boy was . 
 `` you 're the boy who sees deities right ? '' 
 she brushed dirt off the front of her dress . 
 he fidgeted uncomfortably . 
 `` yes . '' 
 elora could hear the anger in his voice and wondered at it . 
 `` is that who taught you how to use the light ? '' 
 she watched a deep thought pass through his face , and he looked afraid for a moment . 
 `` everyone 's afraid of my staff . '' 
 his words seemed unrelated to her question . 
 her eyes shifted to the staff that had dulled to its normal white color . 
 `` you do n't think i 'm crazy ? '' 
 he looked like he wanted to bolt away from her . 
 elora giggled . 
 `` no , i think you 're stupid , but not crazy . 
 you could have been hurt . '' 
 `` so , i was supposed to let those men hurt you and pretend i did n't hear anything ? '' 
 he crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` no , but you could have gotten help . '' 
 `` next time when you 're about to die i 'll remember that . '' 
 he started walking toward the street . 
 `` next time ? 
 do you plan on saving me from death again ? '' 
 she caught up to him , running her fingers along the side of the wall . 
 `` i 've done it twice now , and girls have a knack for trouble , '' he said and jogged over to his cart and mammoi with a smile . 
 elora ’n yssa smiled back . 
 *** `` elora ! 
 you could have been hurt ! '' 
 nia shook her finger at her daughter as elora explained what had happened to her . 
 `` you say the boy saved you ? '' 
 graveri stirred a cup of tea his shrewd eyes narrowing . 
 `` yes . 
 he swung this glowing staff around . 
 it was amazing ! 
 he 's the crazy boy everyone has been talking about ; the one who sees deities . '' 
 elora 's face flushed as she thought of the way rhyme had looked at her . 
 `` you are forbidden to see that boy , elora . 
 he 's dangerous , '' graveri rebuked her with a stern shake of his head . 
 `` forbidden ? 
 fad ' ra , he saved me . '' 
 `` i do n't care . '' 
 graveri stood to his feet and scowled at her . 
 `` do n't be deceived by him . 
 he 's cursed . '' 
 nia shot her husband a look that told him what she thought of his curse . 
 `` cursed ? 
 fad ' ra , what if he 's telling the truth ? 
 he could see deities . '' 
 elora was growing angry with this discussion and felt heat burning her cheeks . 
 rhyme was n't crazy . 
 `` why ca n't i learn ? 
 i want to wield the light . 
 if only to just protect myself ! '' 
 she turned to her mad ' ra who was slamming things around the kitchen . 
 `` i said no . '' 
 nia turned and went back to whatever she 'd been doing . 
 `` this does n't make any sense ... '' elora whispered , rose from the table , and stomped to her room . 
 elora sat on her bed overlooking glimma with sadness . 
 why did n't her mad ' ra want to stay in glimma ? 
 sure , it had dangers as she 'd found out first thing , but her fad ' ra could teach her the light . 
 anger brewed up . 
 her mad ' ra 's refusal for her to learn made no sense ! 
 she was a high priest 's daughter ; she should know at least some rituals . 
 what if rhyme had n't come to her rescue ? 
 she shuddered , wrapping her arms around herself . 
 rhyme rhyme wanted to see elora ’n yssa again . 
 he tried to concentrate while at work , but it was n't working well . 
 his boss , nikin jenson , had instructed for him to load the wood he 'd gathered into the tent behind his shop . 
 he stacked it absentmindedly , so he did n't hear when the overweight man walked in . 
 `` rhyme ? 
 you alright ? '' 
 amusement wafted in the man 's voice as he stared at the boy . 
 rhyme realized he 'd been holding a chunk of wood in his hand for awhile . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 i 'm fine , thanks . '' 
 he stacked the wood and walked over to nikin . 
 `` i have to ask you , where did you get that fantastic staff you 've been carrying around ? 
 it 's a masterpiece ! '' 
 the man 's mouth stretched into a smile as he reached out his hand toward corroa . 
 `` a friend gave it to me . 
 she made it . '' 
 `` may i see it ? '' 
 nikin 's eyes sparkled with wonder staring at the white staff . 
 `` um , i do n't know if that 's a good idea . '' 
 rhyme was n't sure how to tell his boss that the wood could burn his skin . 
 `` why ever not ? '' 
 nikin crossed his arms . 
 `` just want to check out the craftsmanship . 
 i promise , i 'll be careful with it . '' 
 he smiled . 
 rhyme carefully slid the weapon from its sleeve and held it out to his boss . 
 nikin carefully took the staff and examined it . 
 `` why , this is beautiful ! 
 who made this for you ? 
 this is highly detailed work ! '' 
 he turned the staff over observing the way it twisted and turned perfectly . 
 `` her name is da ’n ea , '' he said softly . 
 `` well , you should tell da ’n ea to come work for me . 
 i could use another carver like this . 
 wow ! 
 beautiful indeed ! '' 
 nikin handed the staff back to rhyme . 
 rhyme breathed a sigh of relief that corroa had n't burned his boss . 
 *** rhyme walked quickly through the streets of glimma , making his way back to the inn for the night . 
 elora was still lodged in his mind . 
 he heard talking in the distance and looked up . 
 he watched as elora ’n yssa came out of a shop talking to a woman that was just behind her . 
 rhyme 's face lit up with joy . 
 `` elora ! '' 
 he said to her . 
 she glanced up at the sound of her name and spotted him . 
 she turned her eyes to the woman whom rhyme guessed to be her mad ' ra . 
 the woman was looking at rhyme with disapproval . 
 elora tugged at her mad ' ra 's hand and said something to her . 
 rhyme watched the exchange in confusion . 
 a few seconds went by when elora jogged toward him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i ca n't talk to you . 
 my fad ' ra forbids it . 
 where do you live ? '' 
 she fidgeted , looking behind her at her impatient mad ' ra . 
 `` i 'm staying in the living inn just a few more shops down . '' 
 `` thank you again for saving me . 
 i want to come say goodbye before i leave glimma . '' 
 she reached over and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' he said and watched with a dopey smile as she ran back to her mad ' ra . 
 *** rhyme awoke from a disturbing dream . 
 he had been in the dredge forest when wind sprites had attacked him and put him into a deep sleep . 
 a soft tapping noise turned his head . 
 what was that ? 
 he slipped his feet from beneath the covers and crept over to the window . 
 he peered out into the darkness to see a figure bathed by the moons ' light . 
 elora ? 
 he looked down and blushed . 
 he should probably put some pants on at least . 
 he grabbed his pants and shirt that were lying on a chair and put them on . 
 he grabbed corroa and slipped the weapon into her sleeve . 
 it did n't hurt to be prepared for anything . 
 he climbed out the window and walked toward the shadowed girl . 
 `` hi , '' she said , and he could hear the anxiety in her voice . 
 `` hi , what 's going on ? '' 
 `` i wanted to see you , '' she whispered . 
 `` where do you want to go ? '' 
 `` let 's just go for a walk . '' 
 she smiled at him and gripped his hand . 
 rhyme smiled back at her , and they began to walk through the quiet streets , that were lit up by a couple torches along the way . 
 `` sorry about my mad ' ra , '' elora said . 
 rhyme turned and looked at her . 
 `` it 's no problem . 
 i understand people are afraid of me . '' 
 the dim lights flickered along the side of his face . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 they should be grateful that you rescued me . 
 instead , they forbid me to even talk to you . 
 why ? '' 
 elora was n't sure if she was asking rhyme or herself that question . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 rhyme led elora ’n yssa out of the main part of the village to a remote area . 
 `` do you have a family ? '' 
 rhyme told her about sadie , his fad ' ra , his mad ' ra 's enslavement , oni’on , and the deities that haunted him daily . 
 elora listened quietly until he was finished . 
 `` there is something unusual about my mad ' ra and fad ' ra . 
 i feel like they are hiding something from me . 
 she chooses to live in si instead of glimma ! '' 
 elora snapped , her anger flaring for a moment . 
 `` have you asked her what 's wrong ? '' 
 rhyme led them over to a log that was overlooking a trickling stream . 
 `` not outright , but i have asked her why we live in si while my fad ' ra lives in glimma . 
 she never answers me honestly . '' 
 elora blushed and turned her face away . 
 why was she telling this boy all of this ? 
 perhaps , it was because he 'd saved her life . 
 `` do you wan na try to use corroa ? '' 
 rhyme stood to his feet with a grin after the conversation grew somber . 
 elora smiled back at him . 
 `` i 'd love to ! 
 how do i use it ? 
 wait , you named your stick ? '' 
 she asked with a giggle , putting a hand over her mouth . 
 rhyme laughed back . 
 `` yeah , it 's weird i know . 
 here . '' 
 he pulled the staff from her sleeve and handed it to her . 
 `` wait , that thing burned me last time . '' 
 she glared at the staff . 
 `` she 's particular sometimes . 
 if she burns you then just hand it back to me . '' 
 he offered the staff once more . 
 elora hesitated for a moment and then took it . 
 she swung it around with a giggle . 
 the staff did n't glow . 
 rhyme raised an eyebrow as he watched the girl twist his weapon around haphazardly . 
 `` why is n't it glowing ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she 's picky . '' 
 `` she ? '' 
 elora stared at the staff . 
 `` you think your staff is a girl ? 
 maybe you are crazy , rhyme . '' 
 she smiled at him as she stopped her swinging . 
 `` can you make it work ? '' 
 she handed him back the weapon . 
 `` maybe , '' rhyme said meekly and gripped corroa . 
 the weapon began to glow brightly , tiny flecks of light dancing around the end of it . 
 `` wow ! '' 
 elora jumped back in surprise . 
 rhyme swung the staff leaning into the motions with all his strength . 
 he 'd been practicing with it each day and learning how to wield it with tips from venna . 
 `` how did you learn that ? '' 
 elora looked at him in awe . 
 rhyme sheathed the weapon . 
 `` venna taught me a lot of it . '' 
 `` who 's venna ? '' 
 the air around elora and rhyme was suddenly charged with green sparking energy . 
 a woman with flashing green eyes emerged stepping out of the powerful display , her black dress swirling around her legs . 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 venna asked rhyme as she moved toward him . 
 rhyme looked at the deity with surprise . 
 rhyme held up his hands in defense . 
 `` her name is elora , venna . 
 she 's a friend of mine . '' 
 `` a friend ? '' 
 venna 's piercing green eyes snapped to the beautiful girl that stood near rhyme . 
 `` why are you speaking my name ? '' 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 who are you talking to ? '' 
 elora asked in a shaky voice . 
 she took a step back from rhyme in fear . 
 `` everything is fine it 's just venna . '' 
 rhyme came over to the deity . 
 `` is everything alright ? 
 you seem upset . '' 
 he sheathed corroa back into her sleeve . 
 `` have you been practicing with her ? '' 
 her eyes burned toward elora ’n yssa who looked as if she might bolt . 
 `` just for a moment . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 rhyme asked the deity , who was fidgeting so much rhyme could hardly see her body in the dim light . 
 venna pointed her finger at elora , her mouth pressed in a firm line . 
 `` get her out of my sight ! '' 
 `` venna , you ca n't treat my friends like that , '' rhyme said and saw fear flicker in elora 's eyes . 
 `` you do n't understand , rhyme ... '' venna whimpered , and he saw her body flit from place to place . 
 elora took a step closer to rhyme , and corroa began to glow so brightly that rhyme gasped in surprise . 
 venna screeched , covered her eyes , and in a breath of air disappeared . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 rhyme stared at his weapon . 
 `` i better go home . '' 
 elora 's voice shook . 
 `` wait ! 
 i 'm sorry , she was just acting weird . 
 i do n't know what 's wrong with her . 
 she 's the one who taught me how to wield corroa . '' 
 rhyme rested the weapon against the ground and stared at the place the deity had been . 
 `` i 'd like to talk more , '' he said quietly to her . 
 elora looked toward the village and then back at rhyme and slowly nodded . 
 chapter 30 elora ’n yssa elora stood in the middle of the dredge forest her face dripping with sweat . 
 she 'd been running and did n't remember from whom . 
 the sun beat on her bare arms , her pale pink dress was ripped on one side . 
 her white-fuchsia hair was tangled in knots around her dirt streaked face . 
 `` come back here ! '' 
 a woman 's voice came hurtling toward her ferociously . 
 elora ’n yssa winced and turned her head slightly to see a shadowed figure fluttering through the branches of the trees . 
 was that a deity ? 
 fear dug into her limbs as the voice got closer . 
 `` i 'm going to kill you ! '' 
 elora turned to run once more when the forest thickened . 
 she drew ragged breaths into her lungs . 
 suddenly , a woman with glowing green eyes landed in front of her , her dark brown hair swirling around her , each strand alive . 
 her mouth opened and sharp teeth flashed at her . 
 `` keep away from rhyme , '' the deity snarled and leapt at elora . 
 elora screamed and ducked as the woman 's hands pulled at her hair . 
 `` help ! '' 
 elora heard the woman laugh maliciously . 
 the deity ran her sharp nails down the side of elora 's face . 
 elora screamed as she tried to push the mad deity away from her . 
 she watched as blood dripped down her chin and into the mossy forest floor . 
 the girl lifted a ball of green energy up toward elora 's face and was about to hurl it toward her . 
 `` venna ! 
 stop ! '' 
 elora barely managed to lift her head as rhyme seemed to manifest out of thin air . 
 `` leave her alone , '' he said . 
 rhyme 's entire body was glowing white . 
 his eyes were completely gold and his white-red hair was floating around his shoulders . 
 his staff was clutched in his hands , and he waved it threateningly at venna . 
 `` you 'd choose her over me ? '' 
 venna said , and her body dematerialized and rematerialized right in front of the boy . 
 `` please , venna , i want to be your friend , but you have to stop , '' rhyme said , his voice breaking . 
 he tipped the deity 's chin up so that she was looking right at him . 
 `` what if i want more than that ? '' 
 elora saw rhyme 's eyes dart to her , and he motioned her to run . 
 `` i ca n't give you that , venna , '' he said . 
 the deity suddenly turned toward elora ’n yssa . 
 `` because of her ? '' 
 venna came running at elora , her voice reaching a crescendo . 
 elora ’n yssa woke with a shiver , her bed soaked with sweat beneath her . 
 she swept her stringy hair out of her eyes drawing in a deep breath . 
 it had felt so real . 
 her fad ' ra had told her when she was a child dreams could be el ' yi trying to talk to you . 
 was this el ' yi 's way of telling her to stay away from rhyme ? 
 or it could be her confirmation that rhyme saw deities . 
 she closed her eyes for a second , letting her heart calm back down to a normal rhythm . 
 according to her mad ' ra they were leaving glimma today . 
 part of her wanted to leave the dangers that this place just emanated from its core . 
 the other part was wrapped up in the mystery of the boy who 'd saved her . 
 she wanted to know more about the deities , more about the ways of the light . 
 she slipped out of bed and stretched in the morning sunlight . 
 last night had been nice . 
 she felt a little guilty at having disobeyed her mad ' ra and fad ' ra , but she wanted answers . 
 why did they treat her like a child ? 
 why did her parents forbid her from learning the light , and her fad ' ra from seeing the boy who 'd rescued her ? 
 it did n't make any sense . 
 she came out into the kitchen and saw her mad ' ra curled up in a chair staring off into the sky . 
 she 'd caught her mad ' ra with that wistful gaze quite often . 
 she seemed to be lost in memories that she never shared . 
 elora did n't want to disturb her thoughts , so she went to the kitchen to make herself a cup of tea . 
 she heard a soft sob , and the most quietest of whispers escaped her mad ' ra 's lips . 
 `` oh , el ' yi ... '' her shoulders shook . 
 what had broken her mad ' ra 's heart ? 
 she chose not to live with the man she loved . 
 if she did indeed love her fad ' ra . 
 it was so confusing to elora . 
 `` mad ' ra ? 
 are you alright ? '' 
 her mad ' ra 's shoulders stopped shaking , and she turned slowly to face her daughter . 
 `` elora ’n yssa darling , i did n't hear you . 
 i 'm fine , just thinking about some things . '' 
 `` are you sorrowful to leave fad ' ra today ? 
 please leave si and move to glimma to be with him ! 
 i can practice to be a priestess , and you two will be united ! '' 
 `` i can not ! '' 
 nia 's voice slapped elora in the face . 
 elora felt hurt , not understanding her mad ' ra 's tone with her . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 elora 's jaw clenched in frustration . 
 `` tell me why i can not be a priestess and live with fad ' ra ? '' 
 elora 's eyes burned with tears . 
 `` you must trust me . 
 you can not learn the light , it 's too dangerous . '' 
 `` why ? 
 how is it dangerous when i was almost defiled by those men in the alley ! 
 rhyme saved me ! 
 what if he had n't heard my cry ? '' 
 elora went around her mad ' ra , walked over the threshold , slammed the door , and went into the streets of glimma . 
 she wanted to find rhyme . 
 if her mad ' ra would n't let her learn the ways of the light properly then she 'd learn from a crazy boy . 
 rhyme rhyme jingled the bag of coin that nikin had given to him for his last load of wood . 
 it was good pay . 
 he did n't remember ever having this much coin to his name . 
 his thoughts drifted to sadie . 
 was she being fed ? 
 was she being cared for ? 
 was she warm enough ? 
 his heart panged him , and he forced the feelings into a hard knot in his chest . 
 he could n't care . 
 he had to forget about his little sister . 
 she was no longer his concern . 
 he lifted his head up when a woman passed by . 
 she had tiny flowers sewn into a mostly translucent gown that hung loosely around her bare shoulders . 
 her white-aqua hair was braided elaborately down her back . 
 she saw him and smiled as he tucked the bag of coin back under his shirt . 
 he wondered if she saw it . 
 she approached him with an innocent looking smile . 
 `` good afternoon , sir . '' 
 she bowed low . 
 rhyme tilted his head away at the immodesty as he heard the tinkling of her laugh . 
 `` i see ... '' she purred and stroked her hand along his chest . 
 `` are you man enough for me ? '' 
 she said , talking more to herself than rhyme . 
 he side stepped the woman . 
 `` leave me be . 
 i am not a whore lover . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 the woman 's lip came out in a pout . 
 `` you look like your brother , oni’on , and he certainly does n't have a problem with that . 
 then again , am i dealing with a pup or a man ? '' 
 she laughed softly and rubbed her finger along rhyme 's cheek . 
 `` oni’on is n't a man . '' 
 rhyme removed the woman 's hand . 
 `` he left his own blood for worge-dung like you . '' 
 the woman looked stunned for a minute . 
 `` what ? 
 am i not good enough for you ? '' 
 she walked away with a sneer . 
 he watched the whore wander through the crowd trying to croon another man into her skirts . 
 rhyme browsed a shop absentmindedly until he felt a finger tap his shoulder . 
 he turned around to meet a giant fist in his face . 
 it slammed into him , knocked him into the booth behind him , and scattered trinkets all over the ground . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 the merchant shook his fist at the man who towered above rhyme . 
 rhyme rolled on his side feeling corroa heating up against his back . 
 it was strange how she reacted to his emotions now . 
 `` you mocking my girl ? '' 
 asked the ugly brute . 
 he picked rhyme up by the front of his shirt and shook him like a ragdoll . 
 `` you made finna cry ! 
 she works hard for her coin , and you have the gall to call her worge-dung ? '' 
 the man flung rhyme backward , knocking him into several more trinkets . 
 the merchant scrambled out of the way as the oversized zare stomped his way toward rhyme . 
 `` nobody makes my girl cry ! '' 
 `` get him , jeosh ! '' 
 finna said with a shake of her fist . 
 rhyme recognized the man as one of the thugs who 'd attacked elora . 
 rhyme quickly got to his feet and pulled corroa out of her holder . 
 the staff lay dead in his hands . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 he hissed to her swinging the staff wildly , hoping that would make the light glow . 
 one name raced through his mind . 
 venna . 
 she had to be the one causing corroa not to work . 
 it had to be . 
 `` i 'm sorry , venna . '' 
 rhyme jumped over the fallen merchandise trying to escape the crowded tent . 
 all the customers ran for the door avoiding the broken trinkets and angry man . 
 `` pay her what she 's worth , and i may let you live , '' jeosh said . 
 the girl walked forward with her hand held out . 
 rhyme looked from the bully to the seductive woman . 
 he spat on her hand and took a step back . 
 `` i 'm sorry , venna , please make corroa work , '' he whispered hoping the deity would forgive him for whatever his trespass had been . 
 corroa began to hum and glow so strongly that it burned his eyes . 
 `` how is he doing that ? '' 
 finna asked with a shriek . 
 she put a hand to her heart , in fear , her eyes growing wide . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 it 's just a stick , right ? '' 
 finna asked . 
 `` back off . '' 
 rhyme held corroa firmly a determined scowl riding across his face . 
 finna looked at jeosh who looked at her in return . 
 `` i 've seen what he can do with that . 
 i 'm getting out of here . '' 
 the whore started backing up toward the door tripping over the hem of her dress . 
 `` i thought there were no warriors left on jade ... '' the girl said in a strange tone , turned around , and ran out the door with the man on her heels . 
 rhyme felt relief shiver through his taut muscles and stared at corroa for a heartbeat . 
 oni’on oni’on felt sick . 
 no matter how many times he told himself it was over , or he was done ; he went back like a doghin smelling his own feces . 
 why did he insist on spending everything he had on whores ? 
 it never distracted him long enough . 
 in the moment it was sheer bliss , but then all the thoughts of his family , his failures , and arrissa returned . 
 he lay in bed listening to the sound of the girl he 'd purchased dress herself . 
 `` i ca n't believe i let you talk me into this again , sulstic . 
 last night you smelt like cheap wine from an old boot . 
 at least take a bath once and awhile . '' 
 she glared at him . 
 oni’on lifted his head up , his inked pictures rippling on his bare neck , chest , and shoulder . 
 he was in need of a wash he supposed . 
 self-loathing brewed beneath the surface . 
 how dare she tell him he was disgusting ? 
 he 'd paid for her service . 
 he flung the covers off his bare body and started to rise to his feet . 
 he 'd paid for the whole night and the next morning . 
 `` you still owe me , '' he said through the heat of his anger . 
 `` i 'm not touching you , worge-dung . 
 my boss can give you some of your coin back . '' 
 oni’on curled his hands into fists at the insults . 
 a hot feeling suddenly swept through him . 
 it started from his toes and twisted all the way through his blood stream . 
 something shimmered in front of his vision . 
 `` oni’on ... '' said a woman 's voice reverberating around the room until it hit him in the chest . 
 fear prickled through his mind . 
 the woman shimmered in and out of his eyesight , her hair blowing in a breeze that did n't exist . 
 he gasped softly . 
 the whore turned to him , her eyes narrowing . 
 `` why are you sniveling ? '' 
 she spat at him . 
 her body was draped with a silken garment once more . 
 she looked at his bare attire and curled her lip back . 
 `` that does n't tempt me anymore . 
 i 'm telling my boss this is the last time i sleep with you , sulstic . 
 you can have fion next time . '' 
 she referred to the useless old hag that offered herself for free to any man . 
 `` i 'm warning every girl who works here to stay away from you . 
 unless they want to smell like vomit and feces . '' 
 he waved his hand at the image of the woman floating before him . 
 she dispersed for a moment , and he growled in annoyance . 
 oni’on stepped forward and grabbed the whore by the neck . 
 `` i will have whomever i want , '' he said to her as she struggled beneath his fingers . 
 it felt good . 
 he felt alive . 
 `` oni’on ... '' again the voice drifted through the room sounding harsher this time . 
 the whore began to turn a purplish color , her legs kicking futilely . 
 `` no ! '' 
 the floating girl let out a piercing scream , so that oni’on dropped the girl onto the floor . 
 pain exploded in his head . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 he cried and dug his fingers into his hair . 
 the whore stared at him in shock as his ink marks began to glow . 
 `` el ' yi ... '' the girl whimpered as she pressed herself up against the wall fearfully . 
 `` what is wrong with you ! 
 get away from me ! '' 
 the door opened with a slam . 
 a bodyguard slipped into the room and took in the situation . 
 oni’on was still grabbing at his head . 
 the man took the whore out of the room and threw oni’on 's clothes at him . 
 `` get out , sulstic ! '' 
 *** the market of glimma was just starting to wake up as oni’on stumbled down the street , in his hand a bottle of wine . 
 merchants watched him carefully , their disapproving glares feeling like needles along his spine . 
 he made a crude gesture at one until the man turned away in disgust . 
 he slugged the wine mercilessly , his thoughts scrambling together . 
 what had happened ? 
 why did that strange woman keep appearing to him ? 
 what was she ? 
 he had received a stern warning from the owner of the brothel after the bodyguard had dragged him from the room . 
 if he tried to hurt one of the girls again he 'd be permanently unwelcome . 
 the thought of never being able to feel love terrified him . 
 oni’on chided himself for his stupidity . 
 why did he try to hurt that girl ? 
 the face of his fad ' ra rose into his thoughts . 
 i 'm turning into that worge , he thought . 
 he stumbled into a dirty alley , the bottle clinking . 
 his back hit the grungy wall , slid down it , and he pressed the bottle to his lips . 
 he trembled as a wind blew over his bare chest . 
 no girl in that brothel would want him now . 
 he turned his head and rested his cheek up against the cold wall , his mouth agape as weariness began to creep over him . 
 he nodded off for a little while . 
 suddenly , he could feel someone 's relentless stare on him . 
 an uneasy feeling churned in his gut . 
 `` leave me be , '' he mumbled around the top of the bottle . 
 `` i do n't want another woman tonight , whore . '' 
 when the person did n't respond , his stomach began to grow queasy . 
 `` oni’on , you forgot about me . 
 oni’on ... '' the girl 's singsong voice traveled through his mind and through his blood like a disease . 
 `` go away ! 
 i do n't know who you are , but leave me alone ! '' 
 he slugged more of the wine making it drip down his chin . 
 `` no ... you must listen , oni’on . 
 please ... for the sake of your people . '' 
 oni’on managed to pry his eyes open to be staring at the same girl he 'd seen several times now . 
 `` who are you ? 
 what do you want with me ? '' 
 he tipped the bottle back again hoping the girl would take the hint and leave . 
 `` grandson of pod , you must heed my voice . 
 please ... '' the vision of the girl faded in and out until her face twisted with pain , and she dispersed into a vapor . 
 `` i 've had too much of this . '' 
 oni’on threw the bottle . 
 it crashed against the wall and scattered tiny glittering pieces of glass . 
 he slumped over in the alley . 
 chapter 31 elora ’n yssa elora ’n yssa wandered through the streets of glimma hoping to see a glance of rhyme before her mad ' ra dragged her away . 
 `` excuse me ? 
 do you know where rhyme works ? '' 
 she asked a merchant who was rolling back his tent flaps . 
 `` that boy ? 
 he works down a few more tents . '' 
 the man gave her a smile and continued setting up for the day . 
 a doghin ran down the center of the street brushing by elora 's legs . 
 she walked by the alley and stopped when she heard something shatter . 
 she chewed on her bottom lip as she peeked her head around the corner hoping that none of the men who 'd attacked her before were lurking . 
 someone was talking or singing ? 
 she walked toward the sound . 
 what if it was a trap ? 
 she looked toward where the sound was coming from and saw a man slumped over . 
 was he hurt ? 
 concern dotted her forehead . 
 without too much thought , she raced down the alley . 
 when she came to the man , she spotted a broken bottle of wine . 
 the man was inked and smelt so strongly of wine it made her gag . 
 what should she do ? 
 leave him ? 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 elora turned at the sound of a woman 's voice . 
 `` is that oni’on ? 
 what a horrid mess . '' 
 the girl put a hand over her nose and mouth a disgusted look on her face . 
 two other girls gathered around the first one . 
 `` do n't you work with him , arrissa ? '' 
 `` do n't you like that whore chaser ? '' 
 one girl laughed pointing at oni’on . 
 `` i do not ! '' 
 the one called arrissa said . 
 `` he 's just so pathetic . 
 should we help him , girls ? '' 
 the other girls looked at her as if she 'd asked them to cut off their arm . 
 `` you 're crazy , '' one said and turned around and went back into the street . 
 `` i can smell him from here , and he smells like worge dung . '' 
 the other shook her head and looked at arrissa then followed the other girl . 
 `` are you going to help him ? '' 
 arrissa asked elora . 
 elora looked at the man . 
 her mad ' ra would be furious with her if she knew where she was right now . 
 she nudged his boot with the tip of her toe . 
 `` i do n't know if i can . 
 he smells so strongly . '' 
 elora waved a hand in front of her face . 
 oni’on oni’on came to at the sound of girl voices , his head pounding . 
 he looked up to be staring at arrissa . 
 he looked down at himself and realized he 'd never put on a shirt after the brothel had kicked him out . 
 his own stench made him want to gag . 
 wait , arrissa ? 
 shame burned his cheeks . 
 he did n't want her to see him like this . 
 he shook his head to try and clear the pounding that resounded through it . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he said , roughly clearing his throat . 
 another girl was there too , young , pretty , and looking at him with compassion . 
 not disgust . 
 `` do i know you ? '' 
 he slurred the words . 
 `` no , '' she said gently . 
 `` elora ’n yssa rendra ! '' 
 a woman stood at the end of the alley a sack clutched in her hand . 
 `` what are you doing down there ! 
 get over here ! '' 
 oni’on chuckled despite his headache . 
 the girl glared at him and took off toward her mad ' ra . 
 arrissa stared at him for a moment . 
 `` get up , sulstic . '' 
 she frowned at him and turned and walked away . 
 `` you 're disgusting . '' 
 he heard her mutter as she walked back out into the streets of glimma . 
 elora ’n yssa `` i swear you have no sense in your head , girl ! '' 
 nia exploded at her daughter . 
 `` mad ' ra , he needed help , '' elora said calmly trying not to grow angry with the way her mad ' ra had embarrassed her . 
 `` we are leaving right now . 
 say your goodbyes to your fad ' ra . '' 
 `` i do n't want to leave glimma . '' 
 elora stopped in mid-step and crossed her arms over her chest . 
 nia turned to her daughter and stared deep into her eyes . 
 `` elora , this is not the time . 
 you are coming home with me , now . '' 
 elora felt the finality of those words as she followed her mad ' ra back to her fad ' ra 's house . 
 stelane neuge city icer domain `` no ! 
 i wo n't meet him ! '' 
 stelane stomped her foot as her father stood before her with a stern look on his face . 
 `` you will , and you 'll treat him with respect . '' 
 `` he 's like a hundred years old , father ! 
 i 'm thirteen ! '' 
 she pointed at the door . 
 `` i 'm not going in there . '' 
 she crossed her arms . 
 a heartbeat passed before something cold and sharp hit her face . 
 stelane 's lungs emptied of air instantly , and she clawed desperately at the frigid liquid that was quickly freezing her air passageways . 
 her body convulsed as the ice began to spread like a winding hieth , squeezing the life out of her . 
 stelane 's mind exploded with fear as the icy feeling swept her entire body until she thought , i 'm going to die ... just before her body hit the floor , the ice exploded off her into tiny fragments all over the room . 
 she drew in a deep , ragged , desperate breath , and lay on the floor her body twitching involuntary . 
 her father 's footsteps came closer , and he leaned down to her ear . 
 `` do n't you ever tell me no again . 
 you will meet him , and if i say so , you 'll marry him . '' 
 he stepped away from her and waited for her to stand to her feet . 
 tears and cold icy water dripped down stelane 's face . 
 she stared at the ruthless man she had to call father . 
 she would meet the old man . 
 stelane buried her face in glimmer 's feathers as sobs raked her body . 
 the gracor bird sang a soothing tune until her crying ceased . 
 `` thanks , glimmer . '' 
 she wiped the tears from her cheeks . 
 `` i miss you , nahor , '' she said through a hoarse whisper . 
 how much longer until her brother came home ? 
 she knew she had to get ready to meet the old icer her father was forcing her to talk with . 
 she pet glimmer 's beautiful feathers and nuzzled his face against her own . 
 a knock came to her door . 
 she opened it to see a slave girl with a gown and a brush in her hands . 
 `` i was instructed to get you ready , '' she said in a dead tone . 
 stelane motioned for her to come in . 
 her mind wandered to the incident with her father . 
 how could he force her into this ? 
 the slave disappeared for a short time into the bathing room . 
 `` i 've prepared a bath for you . '' 
 `` alright , thank you . 
 you may come back later . '' 
 stelane began to silently undress . 
 the girl left the room as stelane headed toward the bath . 
 she was still shaken up as she slipped into the water . 
 stelane walked into the library her brown hair styled in ringlets . 
 the room danced with several glowing orbs , soothing music played by hired musicians , and two chairs rested in the center of the room . 
 the slaves had set out a tray of delicacies , two glasses , and a bottle of wine . 
 her face was a mask of calm , despite the inner turmoil that was going on inside her . 
 her pale blue dress , that her father had instructed her to wear , was tightly fitted around her curves , the neckline much lower than she was accustomed to . 
 it made her uncomfortable as she approached a man who was standing near the chairs . 
 she could feel his eyes lingering on her . 
 even at thirteen she appeared much older , or so her father had told her . 
 a lot of girl icers married at her age he 'd also said just before she 'd gone into the library . 
 the familiar surrounding seemed foreign as the older man smiled at her . 
 he was forty-three her father had informed her , he was wealthy , had plenty of zare servants , and was very influential in their land . 
 `` good evening , princess stelane . 
 i 'm geoff . 
 please , come in , and have a seat . '' 
 they both sat . 
 geoff took a glass in his hand and sipped . 
 she saw his hand shake slightly . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you , '' stelane said . 
 she heard the sound of the library door open a crack and knew her father would be listening in on them . 
 cold silence eased over stelane as she fiddled with a fold in her dress . 
 `` what would you like to know about me ? '' 
 geoff asked nervously . 
 his square face was n't exactly unpleasant stelane noticed . 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 she asked quietly , feeling anxiety bubble inside her stomach . 
 `` i rear mammoi and sell them to zares and icers . '' 
 `` oh , '' stelane said and picked up her own glass and sipped it delicately . 
 what did she say to this man ? 
 awkward silence soon followed . 
 `` you look really beautiful tonight . '' 
 he smiled and stelane realized he looked a lot younger than his forty-three years when he smiled . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` i have plenty of land if you like to ride . 
 maybe you could come over and i 'll show you my animals . '' 
 he took another drink , and his eyes danced with excitement . 
 `` that would be nice , '' she said loud enough for her father to hear her . 
 she felt terrified to say anything else . 
 `` how about tomorrow afternoon ? '' 
 `` that should be fine . '' 
 she fidgeted in her seat . 
 his graying hair was swept to the side of his tall forehead , and his brown eyes watched her . 
 `` what would you like to know about me ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` anything you 'd like to tell . '' 
 `` i 'm only thirteen , or did my father forget to mention that fact ? '' 
 she averted her eyes . 
 geoff looked embarrassed . 
 `` i am aware , princess . '' 
 she could tell he was uncomfortable about this conversation . 
 `` how come you have n't married ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 he shifted in his seat and bit into a slice of bread . 
 `` i have n't found a compatible wife . 
 there have been women that have wanted to marry me , but i know they are after only one thing . '' 
 he leaned forward as he said , `` my coin . '' 
 he crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` is n't my father offering me to you because of coin ? '' 
 she asked the question quietly hoping that her father did n't hear . 
 `` the thing is , princess , i came to your father with the offer . 
 you 're young , strong , beautiful , and you 'll bear me many strong sons , '' he said . 
 stelane pressed her lips together in fright . 
 `` i do n't love you , is n't that just as bad ? '' 
 stelane 's voice shook . 
 how could she marry a man she did n't desire ? 
 she shuddered at the image of a passionate night with this old man . 
 `` this would be an arranged marriage , princess . 
 love would come later . '' 
 geoff looked at her with a complex expression . 
 she could n't read much into it . 
 icen pixies suddenly tapped against the window their sharp fingers clawing at the glass . 
 stelane looked at them feeling distracted . 
 fear twisted in her gut . 
 was this her fate ? 
 if she did n't marry this man what would her father do ? 
 surely , nahor would save her from this . 
 `` what if i can not give you what you desire ? 
 what if i do n't bear you sons ? '' 
 `` you will , stelane . 
 or we will keep trying until we do . '' 
 he smiled at her sweetly and reached for her hand . 
 stelane stiffened beneath his touch and turned her head away from him . 
 `` please , excuse me . '' 
 her face contorted with emotions as she stood to her feet . 
 `` stelane , wait . '' 
 geoff came up behind her and rubbed her arm . 
 `` i know you 're young , but i could make you happy . 
 extremely happy . 
 i could give you anything you wanted . 
 please , give it a chance . '' 
 he turned her around slowly . 
 stelane saw only kindness in his eyes and felt a part of her melt . 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 *** stelane waited on the border of their land , her face blank , and her heart heavy with thought . 
 geoff had n't been what she 'd been expecting . 
 she was unsure why her father was forcing her into a relationship she had no desire for , when nahor was still unwed . 
 her mother and father had married out of love . 
 why could n't she ? 
 she wanted to see glide just for a moment . 
 he had been meeting her every day with his basket and smile . 
 she waited , holding back her tears until she saw his white head bobbing through the woods . 
 his feet were swift as he raced around trees . 
 he looked as if he was about to crash through the border . 
 he suddenly stopped , causing brush to blow onto the snow . 
 `` hi , beautiful ! '' 
 he said with a laugh . 
 his large doghin sniffed something behind him . 
 glide 's smile slowly slipped off his face as he noticed her stiff body . 
 `` you alright , stelane ? '' 
 he let go of the basket he 'd been holding . 
 tears began to pour down stelane 's cheeks , her shoulders shaking . 
 `` no , '' she whispered holding her face in her hands . 
 she could still feel the panic of the moment when her father had nearly suffocated her . 
 `` my father iced me . '' 
 the next thing she knew arms were around her , and a warm face was pressed against her own . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 she could feel heat reverberating from glide 's body . 
 she lifted her face up , and his mouth found hers in a comforting kiss . 
 stelane lost herself in his kisses , her arms wrapped around his warm neck . 
 he pulled her to him . 
 after a few moments , she heard a coughing sound and stepped back . 
 glide shivered uncontrollably . 
 his skin was turning a purple shade and his lips a deep blue color . 
 `` oh el ' yi ! '' 
 she pulled him over to the border and rolled him into the warmth . 
 her hands sizzled as they went through the border . 
 he lay shivering under the heat of the sun . 
 after what felt like an eternity , he rose to his feet and smiled at her . 
 `` a little cold in your neck of the woods . '' 
 he was still shivering as he wrapped his arms around iri . 
 the big doghin licked his face and color began to ebb back into his cheeks . 
 `` it was worth it , '' he said through chattering teeth . 
 `` you felt nice . '' 
 he reached his hand into his basket and pulled out a waterbag . 
 he downed it quickly and color flooded his skin . 
 `` good as new ! '' 
 he rubbed iri 's ears as the doghin licked his face . 
 `` i 'm fine , iri . '' 
 he turned his attention back to stelane . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 his eyes grew serious . 
 stelane did n't want to tell him that his warmth had hurt her as well . 
 his heat was like fire on her skin . 
 her body was still burning as she sat down on the ground and gently rubbed snow on her burned skin . 
 `` i have something to confess , '' she said as she stood back up . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` my name is princess stelane . 
 the king is my father . '' 
 she watched glide 's expression alter slightly . 
 `` you 're the princess ? '' 
 he asked quietly , and iri turned his head to stare at her too . 
 `` yes , i 'm sorry i did n't tell you right away . 
 i thought you 'd never talk to me again . '' 
 `` i would n't do that , stelane . '' 
 she heard the sincerity of his words and sighed with relief . 
 `` tell me what happened today . '' 
 `` my father is arranging my marriage with an older man who owns a bunch of land . 
 i 'm thirteen ! 
 i 'm not ready to get married or ... '' she shuddered . 
 `` i resisted my father , and he iced me . '' 
 glide put his hand up to the border , and she raised her hand as well . 
 she felt strangely comforted by it . 
 she smiled at him . 
 `` we should find someone who can help you cross over here , '' he said , his words laced with excitement . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 you mean live on zare land ? 
 i 'd die ! '' 
 glide stood to his feet . 
 `` if i can find a wolfinic they could alter you . '' 
 he pulled out a fruit from the basket and handed it to her . 
 she winced as his warm skin brushed hers . 
 `` wolfinics do n't exist , glide . 
 they died out ages ago . '' 
 she chewed on the fruit already starting to feel better . 
 `` my fad ' ra saw one around a year ago . 
 he 's told me stories about them . 
 if anyone could help you cross over , one of them could . '' 
 they continued talking until stelane realized the sky was darkening , and her father would be concerned . 
 `` i need to go , will you meet me tomorrow ? '' 
 she asked hopefully , wiping fruit juice from the corners of her mouth . 
 glide climbed atop his doghin holding the basket in his hand . 
 `` of course i will . 
 i 'll think of something . '' 
 with a click of his tongue he raced off , the sound of the doghin 's feet hitting the soil with soft thumps . 
 stelane turned and started heading back to the castle her hands shaking . 
 if her father ever found out about this , he 'd surely kill glide and possibly punish her for the rest of her known life . 
 chapter 32 otsana wolfinic village dredge forest otsana lay curled up against mur , her thoughts whirling through the events of the day . 
 the vision-stone was lodged in her mind and refused to leave . 
 should n't they still be worried ? 
 she 'd been told the legends of the ancient days , when her race had been judges amongst the people on jade . 
 the deannicle stones had helped them alter wars , stop bloodshed , and restore peace . 
 el ' yi 's gift to them had never been a threat until corruption began to infiltrate her race . 
 once false seers were discovered , and they bit a deannicle stone , thus creating a vision-stone , many lives were lost without cause . 
 she shut her eyes forcing her mind to be silent about the issue . 
 if the elders said there was nothing to worry about then she would n't worry . 
 *** a whimpering softly caressed the night air as otsana backed away from her mama , her tail tucked between her legs . 
 fear thumped through her skull like a foreign beat . 
 `` how could you not testify with me ? 
 now they see me as a false seer ! 
 they are going to banish me from the village ! '' 
 said her mama . 
 otsana continued backing up , bowing her body low . 
 `` i did n't see that vision , mama ! '' 
 `` i do n't care if you saw it or not , you could have saved me from humiliation by just agreeing you saw it too ! '' 
 otsana yelped in fear . 
 `` please , mama , please ... i can not , it 's forbidden . '' 
 `` i am not a false seer ! '' 
 her mama paced before her , her muzzle dripping with sweat and drool . 
 `` do you understand what that means , otsana ? 
 i have to leave you ! 
 tell the elders you made a mistake and that you saw this too . '' 
 otsana whimpered . 
 `` why did you create it , mama ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` you have to tell them you created it , otsana , or they will banish me forever . '' 
 ostana 's vision blurred ; pieces of the future began to invade her thoughts , wolfinics attacking , blood spilling , crying pups being slaughtered under the cruelty of war . 
 it sharpened , and she saw herself holding a pup sobbing into her fur . 
 suddenly , all went black as the voice silenced in her mind . 
 cold fear wrapped around her as she looked around for her mama . 
 her visions suddenly exploded , and she saw a shadowy shape , that would approach behind her . 
 she turned just in time as her mama lunged at her . 
 she used her nose to throw her mama up and over her head . 
 growls filled the atmosphere as the black wolfinic , that had gray running through her fur , stared her down . 
 `` why did n't you just lie for me ? 
 now i 've lost everything ! '' 
 she shook her muzzle , her incisors flashing in a snarl . 
 she lunged at her daughter snapping and biting , her large paws batting at her face . 
 otsana dodged and darted , her visions predicting her mama 's every move . 
 when her mama grew weary , she simply stared at otsana . 
 `` you watch , otsana , one day this vision-stone will come to pass . '' 
 her mama threw the vision-stone at her feet and darted away into the heart of the forest . 
 if her mama was a false seer , her vision-stone would n't come to pass right ? 
 tears trickled down otsana 's eyes as she lifted the stone into her mouth and tried to destroy it with angry chomps of her teeth . 
 it did n't crack . 
 what had her mama done ? 
 why had she created this abomination ? 
 otsana trembled as the memory of how the vision-stone , which was now tucked away in elder pois 's home , had been created . 
 how had she forgotten about that day ? 
 she must have buried the pain of her mama 's betrayal so deep that the memory had temporarily disappeared in her mind . 
 she 'd forgotten about that purging , the one when her mama had been proclaimed a false seer . 
 otsana snapped out of the memory as the elders and her people gathered around a dancing fire . 
 how had she forgotten about that ? 
 `` we begin our purge tonight . 
 prepare yourselves . '' 
 the fire flickered on the faces of the wolfinics as elder plue howled , his nose rising in the air . 
 one by one the wolfinics joined in his chorus . 
 otsana glanced at mur , who was holding shema against his chest . 
 shema looked between her mother and father and trembled . 
 the sound of the howl always frightened the pups . 
 in due time they 'd join them , but for now she was content to see that the sound frightened shema . 
 *** `` can i go with you , mama ? '' 
 shema asked timidly as otsana readied herself for the purge . 
 it was always something that physically exhausted her by the night 's end . 
 mur was preparing himself as well . 
 shema would be staying with an elder , who was too old for the purge . 
 otsana wished she could explain why she could n't let her pup come with her tonight , but the words fell away on her tongue . 
 the purge was not something she prided their race in . 
 in fact , she loathed it every time . 
 it only happened twice a year , but twice seemed too much . 
 she rolled onto her back , scratched an itchy spot , and then rolled back to her feet . 
 `` shema , mama needs you to stay with elder omba tonight . 
 we shall be back by morn . 
 you be a good girl , and mama will bring you back something special . '' 
 she nudged shema 's nose and licked her cheek . 
 `` alright , mama . '' 
 familiar sounds reverberated around otsana as she padded along softly behind the lineup of wolfinics . 
 her mind was filled with visions of the ritual , though it was slightly foggy . 
 they finally reached the glade , where they gathered every purge , and silently sat down . 
 she desperately wanted to nudge mur but knew it would be frowned upon . 
 affection ceased to exist this night . 
 `` in the ancient days , '' began elder pois , her eyes alert on the silent wolfinics . 
 `` there was a time when wolfinics , deities , and vullens were not simply myths . '' 
 otsana listened carefully though she knew the legend by heart . 
 `` the wolfinics were keepers of justice , righting the wrong on jade , keeping the simpler races safe , and dwelling at peace . '' 
 the leaves of the trees rustled as every eye focused on the elder as she spoke . 
 `` the eldest of the wolfinics at the time , rowden , gathered his village as he did each day and gathered the visions that his people brought to his attention . 
 the visions were wars , deaths , and disputes that would shortly break out that his people could put an end to . '' 
 otsana closed her eyes . 
 she did n't agree with the purge , but she knew if this legend held any merit , it was necessary for their peace . 
 `` corruption brewed in the dredge forest that rowden did n't know about . 
 his one and only daughter , isillia , was walking amongst the trees one late morning when a fearful sound made her tremble . 
 a woman stood in the path before her a flame dancing on her outstretched hands . 
 a deity that many believe had been corrupted over thousands of years . 
 she touched isillia . 
 unaware , isillia came back to her village . 
 the next morning when the elder came to collect the visions , his daughter isillia stepped forward with hers . 
 unbeknownst , the elder trusted his daughter 's vision and corrected the wrong she saw . 
 to the devastation of our race , isillia had seen falsely and many died as a result . '' 
 silence filled the forest as otsana drew in a deep breath . 
 there was more to the legend of isillia that the elders did n't speak of . 
 they used to tell the entire tale until it brought too much fear . 
 the high deity , el ' yi , had forgiven their ignorance , but now her people chose to stay hidden from the other races on jade . 
 `` you know what to do , '' elder pois said , her eyes sharp on their faces . 
 the world exploded with images in otsana 's mind . 
 they were so quick that she almost missed some of them . 
 she searched deeper into time , her body shaking under the pressure of all of them connecting at the same time . 
 she heard several females groan , like they were in labor , and felt a tinge of sharp pain as well . 
 she knew how to handle the visions better than most and began to sort them in her thoughts . 
 she heard mur whimper beside her and almost lost everything . 
 she could see him shaking and knew he had a harder time sorting the pictures and holding them in his thoughts . 
 suddenly , like a deathblow all went black . 
 the stillness was almost eerie as wolfinics whimpered . 
 some collapsed to the ground in exhaustion . 
 mur hung his head low , breathing heavily . 
 she felt the weight of every vision but continued to hold herself upright . 
 elder pois came forward , her white body gleaming in the moons ' light like ice . 
 `` reveal the visions . '' 
 otsana sorted the images until she found two that disturbed her . 
 they were short and murky , but they were enough to chill her blood . 
 just because she saw the visions did n't mean they 'd come to pass . 
 she prayed they would not come to pass . 
 mur still shook beside her , but she took no notice , her mind focused . 
 `` i 'd like to speak , elder . 
 i have two visions to bring forth . '' 
 she quickly told the group of the dual visions that disturbed her . 
 elder pois closed her eyes lost in her own thoughts . 
 one of the others had to testify that the visions were sound before they 'd pass over otsana . 
 every wolfinic concentrated as they searched for the images she 'd shared . 
 otsana 's heart pounded nervously . 
 if no one testified with her she would be considered a false seer . 
 a distant cry of a worge momentary broke their attention . 
 a female , named rosil , stepped forward and bowed to the elders . 
 `` i testify of the visions , i have seen them as well . '' 
 `` it is sound . 
 who is next ? '' 
 elder pois asked . 
 chapter 33 stelane neuge city icer domain a light gray castle with tall turrets greeted stelane as she stepped out of her carriage and onto geoff 's grounds . 
 she could hear the clicks and clacks of mammois as they galloped in the overly large pen that geoff had designed for them . 
 a smile tilted her mouth at the sight . 
 no matter what she felt for this situation , the animals geoff raised were beautiful . 
 she ran with a laugh toward them , her dress fluttering behind her . 
 she heard the distant call of the servants for her to wait , but she did n't heed them one bit . 
 she approached the fence and several mammois approached her expecting a treat . 
 she reached in her dress pocket and pulled out several pieces of chopped fruit . 
 she giggled as a light gray mammoi with a tan nose nibbled the treat from her outstretched hand . 
 she rubbed the beast 's head affectionately . 
 `` ah , so you are spoiling them already , '' said geoff from behind her . 
 stelane turned with an embarrassed smile . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just could n't help myself . '' 
 the mammoi clicked impatiently for another treat . 
 `` no , no , go right ahead . 
 that one you just fed is roug , and the little one to his right is klira . 
 would you like to see the stables ? '' 
 he asked her and nodded toward an overly large building that rested to the left of his castle . 
 `` i would love that , '' stelane said and kissed roug 's nose before following geoff . 
 `` how was your ride over ? '' 
 geoff put his hands in his front pockets as he causally walked . 
 `` it was quite beautiful , you have so much land . '' 
 she smiled at him as they approached the stables . 
 `` it would all be yours , stelane . '' 
 he blushed as she stepped through the doors of the barn . 
 the moment they entered , the mammois stuck their heads out of their stalls in greeting . 
 `` why hello ! '' 
 geoff said with a laugh as he touched a few of the creatures ' noses . 
 `` they smell the treats in your pocket . '' 
 stelane walked with light steps over to the first mammoi and glanced at the name that was written on the front of the stall . 
 `` hi , sprite , are n't you beautiful . '' 
 she rubbed the bright red mane of the animal as it nuzzled her cheek . 
 she reached in her pocket and gave her a piece of fruit . 
 `` pick one , '' geoff said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` pick anyone you want , and she 's yours . '' 
 stelane turned to him in shock . 
 `` no , it 's fine really . 
 i ca n't just take one . '' 
 `` i insist . 
 i want to give you one . 
 ride them all if you 'd like and pick your favorite . '' 
 geoff led her over to the next stall . 
 stelane stood before a majestic looking mammoi with a golden colored mane and pale silver fur . 
 `` wow , she 's beautiful . 
 what 's her name ? '' 
 the door had no inscription on it . 
 geoff moved closer to her and rubbed the mammoi 's nose . 
 `` i have n't named her yet , just got her today . 
 pick a name , and she 's yours , stelane . '' 
 stelane stared at the beautiful creature her heart pounding . 
 she already had a mammoi that she rode , but not one like this . 
 `` valia i want to call her valia . '' 
 she reached in her pocket and gave the animal a treat . 
 valia clicked at her and nibbled it off her palm . 
 stelane grabbed the mammoi 's neck and pulled her to her face . 
 embracing the creature calmed her nerves . 
 `` valia it is then . 
 i 'll send her home with you today . 
 are you ready to ride ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 stelane nodded , pulling back from her new mammoi . 
 *** stelane 's feet hit the snow with soft thumps as she clutched a basket in her hand . 
 she was late ! 
 she hoped that glide had waited for her . 
 her afternoon with geoff had been surprisingly amazing . 
 she 'd ridden valia for the first time and never in her life had she ridden a mammoi so graceful . 
 her father had been excited to see that she had received a gift from geoff and had made sure the slaves prepared a new stall for the animal . 
 even though she strongly disagreed with marrying geoff , her heart was warming up . 
 she reached the border of the land her heart pounding . 
 she set her basket down and held her sides to calm her breathing down . 
 she spotted something in the trees . 
 `` glide ! '' 
 she picked up the basket and waved it . 
 he jogged over to the line , his doghin walking behind him with a dopey grin . 
 `` hi iri ! '' 
 she smiled as the big doghin bounded through the trees knocking everything over in his path . 
 iri sat down on the grass and stared at her with a smile . 
 `` i brought you something ! '' 
 glide slid something across the border . 
 ice crystals instantly gathered on it . 
 stelane leaned down and picked up the object . 
 it was a necklace with a tiny charm . 
 `` it 's a wolfinic , '' he said , as she turned it over in her palm . 
 `` i love it , '' she said breathlessly taking in the tiny detail of the creature . 
 `` i made it out of glossmer . '' 
 `` how did you make it ? '' 
 stelane caressed the tiny figurine . 
 `` i 'll show you . '' 
 he lifted a piece of wood from the ground and let her take a look at it . 
 `` it 's easy . '' 
 from the tips of his fingers a thin light emerged and began to race around the hunk of wood in a flurry of arcs and spins . 
 after a few seconds , the light ceased from glide 's fingertips . 
 he grasped something in his hand . 
 `` see . '' 
 he released his grip and setting on his palm was the most delicate flower she 'd ever seen . 
 `` wow ... '' she whispered in surprise . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 he tossed it to her . 
 `` you can have it , stelane . '' 
 he leaned close to the border watching her face . 
 she pulled the small flower to her chest and grinned happily . 
 `` you know the ways of the light ? 
 i thought that art was lost to the zares . 
 is n't there only a couple warriors left ? '' 
 she 'd heard her father talk about the subject many times . 
 `` my family has continued the tradition . 
 i 'm not even that good . 
 you should see my fad ' ra , '' glide said . 
 he fidgeted , suddenly nervous about what he said . 
 `` you 're not going to tell your fad ' ra are you ? '' 
 glide held her gaze . 
 `` i promise i wo n't tell . 
 i think it 's amazing ! '' 
 she tied the necklace around her throat and looked down at it as it rested between her breasts . 
 she 'd have to hide it from her father , but for now she wanted to look at it . 
 `` i 've been asking my fad ' ra about a wolfinic for you . 
 he does n't know if they will let us find them . 
 he did tell me in the ancient days that the wolfinics helped our race . '' 
 glide leaned back in the soft moss that surrounded him . 
 `` how can they help me ? '' 
 `` my fad ' ra told me tales of how a wolfinic 's bite can alter a person so that they appear as someone else . 
 i do n't know if it will work , but maybe it will get you out of that marriage you do n't want . '' 
 he laughed and sat back up . 
 `` does he smell like old people ? '' 
 his eyes danced with amusement . 
 stelane laughed with him . 
 `` no , in fact he gave me a mammoi today . '' 
 `` bribing you for love . '' 
 glide shook his head back and forth . 
 `` did i tell you that you look beautiful today ? '' 
 `` thanks , '' stelane said and found herself blushing . 
 `` now who 's the one bribing ? '' 
 she grinned at him and played with a strand of her hair . 
 `` well , i ca n't compete with a mammoi now can i ? 
 i got ta give you something . '' 
 `` what are you saying , glide ? '' 
 stelane felt her heart racing as they both inched closer to the border . 
 glide 's carefree personality was rubbing off on her . 
 he put his finger right on the edge of their worlds . 
 `` i like you . 
 is that alright ? 
 i want you with me on this side of the forest . 
 i 'm going to find you a wolfinic . 
 plus , i want to kiss you again without almost dying . '' 
 `` that 's probably a good idea . '' 
 stelane laughed and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear . 
 `` how are you going to find a wolfinic ? '' 
 `` run around the dredge forest until i run into one . 
 or almost get eaten by one . 
 hopefully the former not the later . 
 can i ask you one thing ? '' 
 he dug his fingers into the moss . 
 `` yeah , of course . '' 
 `` if i get eaten , will you make sure iri finds a woman . 
 cause a lonely doghin is really pathetic . 
 you should see how mopy he gets when you 're not around . '' 
 glide suddenly stood to his feet and wrestled the big doghin to the ground . 
 `` right ? '' 
 he growled playfully at his pet who drooled all over his face . 
 stelane giggled . 
 `` sure , i can do that . 
 i better go . 
 my father will be looking for me . 
 bye , glide and thanks ! '' 
 `` bye , stelane ! '' 
 she darted away , the flower and wolfinic clutched in her hand . 
 chapter 34 oni’on glimma village zare territory a light danced across the room glittering like diamonds . 
 it twirled and swirled through the dimly lit room , where oni’on lay nursing the world 's biggest hangover . 
 he peeked an eye open , saw the light , and groaned like an animal awakened from hibernation . 
 if one more wind sprite got inside , he was going to break something . 
 he swatted at the rainbow light with halfhearted attempts until he hit whatever it was . 
 he heard it slam into the wall opposite his bed . 
 the semi-translucent creature hissed at him and began to claw at the wall trying to find a way of escape . 
 he grit his teeth and groggily rose to his feet , his head swimming . 
 he opened the window and heard the thing whoosh outside , catching the wind . 
 it was his own fault , allowing his sorrow to swallow him like he did the night before . 
 in his stupor he 'd left the window open . 
 he rose and slammed the window shut , running a weary hand down his unshaven face . 
 he was lucky he smelt so bad . 
 the wind sprites probably did n't want to come too close to him to put him into a long sleep . 
 his humiliation with arrissa yesterday had made him feel utterly rejected like a pair of old shoes . 
 he 'd drunk enough wine until the pain of it had dissipated some , but still those stupid wind sprites had been around him . 
 things had gotten bad last night . 
 he 'd started thinking about his mad ' ra , his siblings , and his abusive fad ' ra . 
 it all hovered over his subconscious like an angry storm . 
 he still saw juda time to time , and he tried to ignore the cold hatred that rolled over him . 
 he feared for sadie . 
 just then , a pounding on the door doubled the pain in his head . 
 `` oni’on ! 
 wake up , you worge-eater ! 
 what 's gotten into you ? '' 
 jackon 's voice rang with slight concern . 
 oni’on must have missed work . 
 he came over to the door , slid the lock , and pulled it open . 
 jackon was holding a case of wine his face stretched into a wide grin . 
 `` i know what will perk you up . '' 
 he clambered in and set the case on the table . 
 `` i am not drinking that . '' 
 oni’on dry heaved for a moment then shook his head . 
 `` it 's not for right now . 
 for later . 
 i got some good news for you , '' jackon said with a twinkle in his eye , his hands twitching in excitement . 
 `` out with it , '' oni’on mumbled holding his head in his hands . 
 `` arrissa is going to desire you tonight ! '' 
 he made a rude gesture , and oni’on 's head snapped up out of his hands . 
 `` arrissa hates me , worge-dung . '' 
 `` oh , i know that . 
 look at this . '' 
 jackon pulled a jar from his satchel and set it down before oni’on 's eyes . 
 his smile spread so that it almost looked malicious . 
 `` herbs ? 
 you brought me a jar of herbs ? '' 
 oni’on 's voice rang with dry humor . 
 he picked up the jar and turned it over . 
 on the other side there was a label that was inscribed in some foreign language . 
 jackon grabbed the jar from him and opened the lid . 
 `` not just herbs , they 're going to make arrissa fall in love with you . '' 
 `` why would you help me get arrissa ? 
 i thought you were in love with her , '' oni’on said suspiciously . 
 jackon 's wicked grin slid back into place . 
 `` the herbs only work if the girl has some attraction toward you . 
 i figured if you get the girl then we could share her . '' 
 he dumped the herbs in oni’on 's hand and stepped back . 
 `` you mix it in her drink and your mere kiss seals it . '' 
 jackon crossed his arms looking proud of himself . 
 oni’on stared down at the multi-colored herbs looking apprehensively at jackon . 
 `` somebody duped you . 
 this is ridiculous ; you ca n't make anyone fall in love with you . '' 
 `` what if i told you that these herbs are as rare as a deannicle stone ? '' 
 he waited for oni’on to respond . 
 his smile was still stuck in place . 
 oni’on fingered the herbs in his hand . 
 what if it did work ? 
 could he really have arrissa like that ? 
 how was he going to get her to kiss him though ? 
 he slowly nodded his head . 
 `` i 'll try it . '' 
 zeedies bar ranked of sin . 
 it was filled to the top with singing drunken zares and laughing women who coaxed the men to drink more . 
 a drunken musician was trying to keep a solid tune but failing at it . 
 the crowd danced recklessly to the terrible music . 
 it was one big loud obnoxious headache . 
 slam ! 
 a frothing glass mug dripping with condensation landed in front of oni’on . 
 he stared up with a half calked expression . 
 his golden-blue eyes barely opened to see the woman bartender wink at him . 
 `` this one 's on me , '' she said in a purr , her lips puckering seductively . 
 oni’on ignored the gesture swiping the chilled drink up in one hand and slamming it down his throat . 
 her eyes narrowed as she watched him , muttering something that was too incoherent to hear . 
 oni’on finished his drink . 
 he swiped his hand across his mouth and let out a loud satisfied sigh . 
 `` oni’on ! 
 did you hear your best friend is back in town ? '' 
 said a tinny voice from across the bar . 
 oni’on did n't need to turn to know sheb , a man from work , was the one hollering at him . 
 he ignored the voice , his fingertips thrumming against the sleek bar . 
 he counted in the back of his mind the scraps he had been in with kalub , the friend sheb was talking about . 
 a hand gripped his upper shoulder . 
 `` hi , baby , miss me ? '' 
 asked a sugary voice . 
 long slender fingers ran seductively down the side of his face . 
 a wiry , large eyed girl with lips too big for her face smiled at him . 
 oni’on recognized her as one of the whores , apparently not all of them were disgusted by him . 
 he gave her a forced smile , raised his hand , and stepped back from her touch . 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm not good enough for you ? '' 
 she pouted with a hint of rejection laced through her voice . 
 oni’on was n't sure how to answer that . 
 `` worge-bait , what do you say we get ourselves so drunk that we do n't remember our names ? '' 
 asked a medium sized man , with eyes that popped out and a crooked nose . 
 he hooked his arm around oni’on , his greasy hair falling in front of his eyes . 
 `` does n't that sound amazing ? '' 
 he slurred , clearly already intoxicated . 
 oni’on just laughed , and shoved the man off him . 
 `` i 'm already headed down that path tonight , ply , i do n't need your help . '' 
 he stood to his feet and winked at the bartender . 
 she clearly took it as an invitation and left her bar to join him . 
 just as soon as she linked her arm through the crook of his elbow , a voice called out from the back of the bar . 
 `` melenda , i thought i was your man ! '' 
 the big , ugly man stood up , his face set in an angry scowl . 
 `` when you have arms like his and a face to match then we 'll talk , '' she said to him , her fingers running down oni’on 's bicep . 
 the man rose from his table and cracked his knuckles . 
 `` she 's my girl . '' 
 oni’on looked at melenda and shrugged . 
 `` she can do whatever she pleases . '' 
 bam ! 
 the staggering punch hit oni’on in the face knocking him backward but not off his feet . 
 he spat blood out of the corner of his mouth . 
 he steadied his weight and braced his back legs for whatever this man would throw at him next . 
 `` stop it , curo ! '' 
 melenda said to the drunken man . 
 oni’on wiped his bottom lip not paying attention to the blood that had dripped down the front of his shirt . 
 he heard melenda screaming his name , and he gave a small nod toward her . 
 his opponent grinned wickedly at him and lunged with a left hook toward his stomach . 
 even in his drunken stupor , oni’on could avoid that punch . 
 he ducked and sprang back with a kick to curo 's ribs . 
 the rough looking man flew back against some chairs crushing them under his weight . 
 he scrambled back to his feet , swung at oni’on again , and this time narrowly missed oni’on 's jaw . 
 oni’on picked up a chair with his foot , grabbed it firmly , and swung as hard as he could . 
 the impact of the chair splintered all over the place , flinging chunks of wood into several people 's glasses . 
 they just kept on drinking like nothing happened . 
 oni’on turned slightly to smile at melenda when wham ! 
 something struck him from the side and whacked him in the head . 
 he staggered as curo pointed his finger at oni’on . 
 `` you 're mine , worge-dung ! '' 
 curo wiped blood from his nose and lip . 
 oni’on felt something warm and sticky running into his eye and swiped it away in annoyance . 
 he stumbled forward tackling the foul mouthed man and punched him in the face . 
 they both went down . 
 oni’on sat on top of curo , shoving his bloody knuckles into his face over and over . 
 the man angrily bellowed , flipped oni’on off , and flung him into the leg of a table . 
 oni’on was stunned for a moment and felt a firm grip on his collar . 
 curo dragged him out from beneath the table . 
 he lifted oni’on up into the air and head butted him right in the face . 
 oni’on saw stars and nearly passed out . 
 `` just ca n't stay out of trouble can you ? '' 
 a hearty laugh filled the bar . 
 oni’on groaned . 
 he wished he could 've passed out . 
 a meaty fist was coming toward his face when a shattering whack filled the bar . 
 he fell hard , along with the man who had challenged him . 
 he felt himself being dragged off to the side as a hulking figure took care of his fight for him . 
 oni’on grumbled under his breath . 
 kalub . 
 he did n't need help from an over-pompous worge-baby . 
 he had been doing just fine himself ! 
 a few minutes went by , and oni’on felt his body regenerate to its full health . 
 he managed to get to his feet just as kalub came lumbering toward him in all of his glory . 
 oni’on swore under his breath as his `` friend '' slapped him on the back . 
 `` i swear , oni’on , my sister can throw a better punch than you . '' 
 kalub laughed at his own joke . 
 save a kid from a worge once , and he thought he was your best friend . 
 kalub thought he owed oni’on his life . 
 oni’on did n't need saving . 
 he did n't need an annoying friend . 
 `` the next one is on me . '' 
 kalub grinned , his white and pale orange eyes flashing with amusement . 
 oni’on forced a smile to his lips . 
 he would never turn away a free drink . 
 `` did i surprise you ? '' 
 kalub asked as he poured a black bottle of the finest wine into a glass . 
 kalub was not short on coin , his family never had been . 
 kalub came to visit them about twice a year . 
 he always managed to find oni’on first and boast about all his accomplishments in life . 
 oni’on had done one thing in life so far . 
 drink . 
 he smiled sardonically . 
 kalub was blabbering on about the fields and trees or something . 
 oni’on was n't paying attention until he heard the word `` vullen . '' 
 he looked up in surprise . 
 `` what did you just say about a vullen ? '' 
 `` oh , supposedly the icer king has one stashed in his castle . 
 i thought those creatures were a myth ! 
 so did half of jade ! 
 it could be just a rumor , but the king is looking for those two shady peddlers . 
 he 's offering a big reward if anyone can find them and retrieve the vullen 's cloak . '' 
 kalub lifted his glass and took a swig of his wine . 
 `` i was thinking about going after those two worge-eaters . 
 they 're a slippery pair . '' 
 `` are you now ? 
 hmm ... '' oni’on rubbed his chin a thought trying to make its way through his drunken mind . 
 `` how much of a reward ? '' 
 he asked kalub carefully , trying not to be too conspicuous . 
 `` i do n't know , a bag of coin i guess . 
 he 's the icer king . 
 he 's got more coin than he knows what to do with . 
 except , i 'm not so sure about dealing with vullens . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 oni’on knew very little of the creatures . 
 he tipped his bottle back with gusto letting the taste fill his mouth . 
 `` why ? 
 they sing a song that can kill anyone in their path . 
 if the king of the icers has a vullen he must have a death wish . '' 
 kalub set his glass down . 
 `` the bigger question is why would a vullen let themselves get caught in the first place ? 
 it seems strange to me . '' 
 kalub motioned toward the bartender who refilled his glass with a seductive smile . 
 `` el ' yi , if i know . '' 
 oni’on settled in his mind to go look for the peddlers in the morning . 
 he could use a good bag of coin . 
 it would buy him enough wine to last a lifetime . 
 he smiled dreamily at the thought . 
 enough wine to last a lifetime ... after kalub had finally left the bar , oni’on sipped on his drink , his thoughts on his family . 
 his throat felt tight at the thought of his little sister still under the roof of his abusive fad ' ra . 
 the thought of juda made oni’on 's jaw clench ; he balled his fist beneath the wooden table as his friends sat down around him their faces full of drunken mirth . 
 `` to the brothel , oni’on ? '' 
 jackon asked with a slur , his green and white hair skewed messily around his pointed chin . 
 oni’on grinned , he did feel like a good run around , but after the other night he was n't so sure how happy they would be to see him . 
 `` another time , '' he said . 
 he finished his drink and tossed the bartender a grin and headed home . 
 *** the next morning oni’on lay sprawled on his couch massaging his temples . 
 two empty bottles of wine lay sprawled on the floor near his feet . 
 his hand brushed a half full bottle . 
 he gripped it unconsciously and tipped it up to his lips . 
 he swung his legs off the couch and began to throw some supplies in a satchel . 
 if he wanted to get that coin before kalub he 'd have to get moving . 
 his mind drifted casually with thoughts about arrissa . 
 he finished packing and slid the satchel over his shoulder . 
 time to find a couple peddlers . 
 where to look first ? 
 oni’on spotted kalub loading a pack on a well-groomed mammoi as he stepped outside . 
 a determined look crossed his face as he patted the backside of his own mammoi . 
 kalub was a piece of worge-dung . 
 he better not lose to that annoying man . 
 he unlatched his mammoi from her stall and led her out into the street . 
 lisha clucked as he slid onto her back patting her furry neck . 
 `` if you find those peddlers before kalub does i 'll buy you a whole carriage full of fruit to eat , '' he whispered in lisha 's ear . 
 the creature clicked happily as he rubbed her nose and urged her to move forward . 
 *** as oni’on traveled , every villager he came across told him the same thing . 
 no one had seen the two peddlers in a week . 
 that was odd . 
 oni’on slid off lisha and tied her to a pole outside a pub in the next village over from glimma . 
 he might as well get a drink while he was here . 
 he shoved open the door and made his way toward the bar . 
 the dim lights were trying desperately to hide the coat of filth that lined the floors but failing . 
 he was n't picky . 
 he slid up to the bar , slapped his hand down , and ordered himself a cheap wine . 
 the bartender was old and decrepit . 
 white and pale green hair poked out the sides of his skull like whiskers , and his teeth were all but gone . 
 the bartender filled up a questionably clean glass with teeming dark red fluid and slid it to oni’on . 
 `` what you here for , stranger ? '' 
 the man garbled , sounding almost as drunk as oni’on wished he was . 
 the bartender picked up a glass and examined it as if he was thinking of cleaning it then decided against it . 
 `` looking for two peddlers . '' 
 `` oh ! 
 this is about the icer king 's reward , eh ? '' 
 the old zare cackled as he poured himself a cup of wine and swigged it . 
 he sloshed on the counter then wiped it up with his sleeve . 
 oni’on shrugged , guzzling his own drink . 
 `` have they already been found ? '' 
 he asked the old man . 
 the bartender shook his head . 
 `` nah , i think that news would travel fast . 
 name 's joc wallo . '' 
 `` oni’on sulstic . '' 
 oni’on shook the old man 's hand firmly then nursed his wine . 
 `` so , you 're after the bag of coin , eh ? '' 
 the old man leaned in close to oni’on and with putrid breath whispered , `` i hear the peddlers got out of sight , because they think the king is going to return what he bought . '' 
 the old man 's scraggily eyebrows rose straight up , his eyes bulging . 
 `` what did he buy ? '' 
 oni’on knew joc was waiting for him to ask . 
 `` a vullen 's kid . '' 
 the old man 's face grew serious . 
 he picked up his dirty cloth . 
 he wiped the counter smearing more dirt around . 
 `` i thought those creatures were a myth . '' 
 `` nah , they 're as real as my wife 's affair with my best friend . 
 here 's the real question . 
 why would the king want a vullen ? 
 those things are like keeping a box of hieths in your bed with you . '' 
 the old man slapped the counter with a thud . 
 `` i 'm just aiming to get to those peddlers before someone else gets that bag of coin . '' 
 oni’on slammed his wine the rest of the way and paid the bartender before walking back outside . 
 oni’on searched village after village until he grew weary of his quest . 
 he sat silently in the dredge forest having given up looking for the peddlers , eating his lunch , and on his way back home to glimma . 
 the trees high above him blocked out most the sunlight as he chewed . 
 who was he to think he 'd just become wealthy and never have to worry about anything ever again ? 
 arrissa might have even noticed him if he had more coin than he knew what to do with . 
 he snuffed at the thought and shoved the rest of his lunch into his mouth . 
 he heard voices in the far off distance . 
 clanging . 
 he knew the reputation of this forest and decided it was time to head out . 
 cutting through the dredge forest was the easiest way home , but not the most intelligent . 
 he walked up to his mammoi and slid his leg over her . 
 he tugged at her reins and got her moving as the clanging continued . 
 he had a sudden thought . 
 what if the peddlers were hiding in the forest until the search died down ? 
 the dredge forest would be the perfect place to hide out . 
 curiosity got the better of him , and he turned the creature around with a tug . 
 lisha clicked with annoyance as she walked toward the clanging noise hesitantly . 
 oni’on saw figures moving adjacent to where he was . 
 two large caravans moved slowly , a man sitting behind each one . 
 they were singing terribly and laughing . 
 the peddlers ! 
 oni’on 's lip curled slowly . 
 he 'd found them without even trying . 
 he carefully approached them , trying to avoid making too much noise . 
 their mammois however heard him right away . 
 their ears flickered back and forth , and their clicks grew anxious . 
 the first peddler , with white and aqua colored hair , clutched his reins suddenly . 
 `` hey , hans , we got a visitor . '' 
 his voice did n't seem overly concerned . 
 he broke out in a smile as he motioned for oni’on to approach . 
 `` what can i do for ya , sir ? '' 
 he climbed off his seat and opened up the backend of the caravan . 
 it folded down into three tables with merchandise strapped down with thick bonds . 
 `` i have some rare finds for you . '' 
 he flashed a smile as he began to pull out each item and rattled on about its amazing value . 
 when he pulled out a small cloak , oni’on paused . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 he asked carefully and touched the soft but durable looking material . 
 `` that is a vullen 's cloak . 
 i will sell it to you for 50 coin , '' the man boasted , acting like it was the best deal on jade . 
 oni’on snorted with disgust . 
 `` no one in their right mind would pay that for a ratty cloak . 
 i 'll give you 5 coin for it . '' 
 oni’on crossed his arms over his chest and stared the peddler down . 
 `` i could sell my shoe for 5 coin . 
 how about 45 coin ? '' 
 he lifted the cloak up higher , examining it carefully . 
 `` no wears or tears on this beauty . '' 
 `` ah , ferral , you 're not going to get more than 20 for that rag . 
 just give the man the cloak for 5 . 
 i want to get to the next village before some deity sucks my soul , '' hans said with annoyance . 
 `` i do n't think you 're going to get anyone to buy that ugly thing anyways . 
 did n't it go with that girl we sold ? '' 
 hans waved his hand as if dismissing the subject . 
 ferral scowled briefly at his partner then handed the cloak to oni’on and took his coin from him . 
 he packed up his merchandise quickly and climbed back on his seat . 
 `` tell me , sir , how far is the next village ? '' 
 hans asked . 
 so , the peddlers had been still making rounds ? 
 could oni’on really be that lucky ? 
 he carefully held the cloak in his hand . 
 `` you 'll get to crike going that way , glimma is the neighboring village , '' oni’on answered . 
 `` we 've already been through glimma , let 's head to crike . '' 
 ferral urged his mammoi forward and nodded to oni’on as he left . 
 oni’on watched them go still clutching the cloak . 
 he climbed on his own ride and nudged her forward . 
 this small piece of fabric was going to earn him a lot of coin . 
 it was a good thing the peddlers did n't know about the reward hanging over their head . 
 they probably would have turned themselves in for coin . 
 he would be back in glimma by nightfall , and then he 'd head over in the morning to the icer border to get his reward for the cloak . 
 lisha tugged on the reins as he weaved her around dead looking trees . 
 this place made his skin crawl . 
 he let his mind empty . 
 lisha knew the way home , so he let her follow her own instincts and closed his eyes to rest for a few moments . 
 he slipped into sleep as the mammoi 's feet easily made her way through the underbrush . 
 something suddenly startled him awake . 
 it was a soft noise , like that of a pup crying in another room . 
 he frowned , rubbing his eyes . 
 the forest lay coated in darkness , the shadows of the trees looking like waving figures . 
 where was he ? 
 lisha had stopped moving forward and was clucking nervously , shifting her weight from hoof to hoof . 
 why had she stopped ? 
 oni’on felt fear tingle in the back of his skull . 
 he was n't near glimma at all . 
 this could n't be right . 
 he tried to find solace in the stars that were high above him but could n't get enough of a view to be sure . 
 he fumbled in his pack for his director , a device that could show him the way home , and growled when it slipped from his hands and landed with a soft rustle in the leaves below him . 
 he slid off lisha and swiped it up along with a handful of leaves . 
 he pulled the device out and brushed it off letting the leaves flutter to the ground . 
 he barely had enough light to see which direction laid glimma . 
 a sultry song drifted in the night air . 
 he shifted nervously and tried to get his directions straight in his head . 
 the voice raised in pitch until it made his knees weak . 
 he was n't getting home tonight was he ? 
 he bitterly shook his head . 
 it figured . 
 he finally had something in his possession to make himself a wealthy man when a deity had to go and mess it up for him . 
 `` you must n't return to the icer king . '' 
 the voice pierced sweetly into oni’on 's heart . 
 `` you must n't give him the vullen 's cloak . 
 cast it aside . '' 
 the girl 's voice sounded like she was in pain . 
 he seemed to physically feel her ache , and it made him waver on his feet . 
 he could n't see her , but he could sense the pressure of her voice . 
 did he dare answer her negatively ? 
 of course , he was going to collect his reward . 
 he was n't stupid . 
 the wind whistled high above him rustling the branches of the trees like tiny fingers wanting sustenance from him . 
 `` no ! 
 you must listen , grandson of pod ! '' 
 uh oh . 
 time to get on lisha and bolt out of here . 
 he had to get beyond the borders of the dredge forest now . 
 he climbed aboard his mammoi and clucked to her softly . 
 `` if you do n't get us out of here right now i 'll feed you to the worges . '' 
 he urged lisha onward , and he felt her soar through the trees , her mane blowing wildly around her muscular neck . 
 the trees seemed to be screaming in his ear , and suddenly the face of a young woman fluttered into view . 
 she tried to grab at him with her pale hands , her mouth opened in a scream of terror , as he snapped the reins with determination . 
 `` home ! '' 
 he shouted as lisha zigzagged with sure footing . 
 he breathed a sigh of relief as lisha crossed the border back onto zare territory . 
 sobbing echoed behind him . 
 `` no , wait ! '' 
 said the girl 's voice brokenly . 
 *** oni’on weighed the bag of coin in his hand with a greedy look in his eye . 
 the weight of ignoring the young deity seemed to physically affect him even days later . 
 he had n't been able to stop thinking about her and found himself tossing and turning at night . 
 she 'd seemed so desperate to stop him . 
 deities were fickle things though . 
 what had they ever done for him ? 
 the deities be cursed . 
 he lifted the bag of coin to his lips and kissed it happily . 
 all he needed now was a woman and a couple bottles of wine . 
 chapter 35 deilia neuge city icer domain deilia lovingly caressed her cloak , the sound of the door softly shutting behind her . 
 the king himself had delivered it to her . 
 it had been so long since she 'd felt its security and warmth that she 'd almost grown accustomed to her soul feeling raw and exposed . 
 she let out a little gasp of pleasure as she slipped it over her shoulders and tipped the hood over her hair . 
 how had she gone so long without it ? 
 it felt like home . 
 she clutched at the fabric , weaving her fingers in the folds , her eyes shimmering with remembrance . 
 now that she had the protection of her cloak , she could carry out the request the king had asked of her . 
 if this one act could restore favor with el ' yi then she would capture a baby wolfinic . 
 she vaguely remembered an herb that shuro had told her about . 
 it would protect a person from any environment for a short time . 
 she 'd asked the deity if it would work on a vullen , and she had told her it would n't work with the curse . 
 if she could get the herb to the king , him and his men could aide her as she captured the pup . 
 the thought grew until she had a solid plan . 
 shuro would know where the seers lived . 
 king lowen the sounds of the dredge forest made king lowen on edge as they rode around the high trees . 
 the small vullen child had disappeared for a short time much to his dismay . 
 he feared he had just lost his one way of getting gal ' adryl her cure , but when she showed up a few minutes later he breathed a sigh of relief . 
 he touched the small pouch of herbs . 
 deilia had instructed him and his men to wear them right above their hearts so they could leave the icer domain . 
 why had he never heard of these ancient herbs that allowed them access for a short period of time ? 
 the girl did n't know how long the herb would work which made him nervous . 
 the cloaked girl turned her clear eyes on him . 
 `` i know where the seers live . '' 
 `` we 're ready . '' 
 king lowen 's eyes shimmered at the thought that he could be hours away from curing his wife . 
 hours . 
 otsana dredge forest wolfinic village the midnight sounds were absent as otsana lay awake deep into the night . 
 her long nails curled and uncurled in anxiety , her ears twitched , and she listened carefully . 
 the soft rhythmic breathing of her mate and pup did n't seem to calm her as it usually did . 
 it was as if some kind of a warning was trying to break through her consciousness . 
 her visions were clear , though she had n't pressed into them too far . 
 she closed her eyes , willing her mind to obey her and fall into a deep sleep . 
 the feeling nagged her again , warning bells filling her veins . 
 something was wrong . 
 who was she compared to the elders in the village ? 
 they would see if danger was approaching them and if anything had changed . 
 the vision-stone her mother had created lurched before her eyes like a dark , swirling , angry cloud . 
 the disturbing thoughts remained until she softly growled . 
 mur stirred near her , his long tongue lulling out of his mouth . 
 shema was curled up on her own bed her tiny head resting on the rags . 
 if anything ever happened to her family she 'd fear insanity for herself . 
 they were her love , her life . 
 was that why she was so beside herself with anxiety ? 
 her eyes narrowed as she stared into the inky darkness . 
 was she afraid ? 
 she 'd never been afraid of anything in her life . 
 except for the vision-stones , she reminded herself . 
 she stood to her feet and slipped from the bed . 
 she feared if she rustled around more she 'd awake mur and shema . 
 she slipped into the thick coated darkness her paws falling with quick thuds through the forest . 
 deilia the moons ' light played around the edge of deilia 's cloak as she stood silently on the outside of the wolfinics ' village . 
 was she ready to do this ? 
 she would have to find a young pup , considering wolfinics grew larger than she stood . 
 she shifted through the songs in her head trying to pick out the best one to lure the pup if she needed to . 
 the king and his men had stayed on the outskirts of the village because of the wolfinics seer abilities . 
 she 'd heard legends of how her race could walk outside the wolfinics visions . 
 she hoped that those legends were true . 
 she moved stealthily toward the village . 
 the first dwelling place she came into housed no pups , so she slipped out quickly . 
 she checked several more until she spotted scattered bits of bark around the outside of one house . 
 she headed toward it her heart pounding fiercely . 
 so many slept unaware of her presence . 
 she wondered what it had been like the night that the vullens had been cursed by el ' yi for causing so much death . 
 she had a vague knowledge of the event , but nothing concrete in her young mind . 
 she was not killing the pup , just simply borrowing it , and she would make sure it got back home after the king had it heal his ill wife . 
 bits of bones laid littered around the yard . 
 tiny paw prints were embedded in the soft soil . 
 perfect . 
 she drifted into the house silently . 
 one bed lay empty and the other was occupied by a big male that was breathing heavily . 
 her eyes caressed a small bed where a pup lay . 
 a smile curled on her lips as she silently slipped her arms underneath the pup and lifted her against her chest . 
 the pup only whimpered for a moment then curled against her with soft licks of her chops . 
 king lowen king lowen saw deilia and grinned like a kid . 
 `` go help her , and be quiet about it , '' he instructed a guard , who was standing beside him . 
 as the vullen approached , he saw that her eyes looked urgently at him . 
 `` let 's go now . 
 the pup is asleep , but the mother was out of the house . 
 she will notice her pup 's absence when she returns . '' 
 she gently set the pup in the back of a carriage and climbed in and sat beside it . 
 `` i will keep it asleep , ride , '' she hissed through her teeth . 
 king lowen did n't hesitate . 
 he waved his hand toward his men and they headed back toward neuge city . 
 otsana wolfinic village otsana 's feet padded along the ground silently as she held a kill in her mouth . 
 the blood leaked into her mouth making her salivate . 
 she finally had to stop and rip off some chunks of the fresh meat . 
 she could always bring mur and shema another kill tomorrow . 
 no visions plagued her mind tonight which was nice , but also a little bit strange . 
 she checked her mind link with shema twice , but the pup was dreaming of flowers and streams . 
 she lapped at the blood on the throat of the animal and growled softly in her throat with satisfaction . 
 it was a peaceful night . 
 perhaps she 'd been overly worried about the painful vision that she 'd had . 
 there had been no picture just emotions raging through her . 
 she ripped off another tender chunk of bloody meat . 
 innards tumbled out onto the ground , where she greedily swallowed them down . 
 she normally did n't travel so far away from the village , but it had been awhile since she 'd enjoyed a meal like this . 
 she lifted her head slightly as she got a strange smell . 
 what was that ? 
 her fur bristled on her back , her claws sliding out in defense . 
 she saw nothing , but something in her gut told her things were amiss . 
 she stood to her feet , instantly forgetting about her kill soaking into the ground . 
 shema ? 
 she tried the mind link and connected easily . 
 she sighed with relief . 
 she was overreacting again . 
 her stomach twisted with worry . 
 to appease herself , she headed toward the village to check on her beloved family . 
 the village was quiet as otsana leapt toward her house as silent as possible , the morning sun barely peeking over the horizon . 
 she rushed up the steps and into her home , her breath coming out in hot gasps . 
 she searched for her pup and saw the pile of rags empty . 
 she could be snuggled up against mur . 
 she looked toward her mate and found nothing beside him . 
 shema . 
 where was her pup ? 
 she should n't panic just yet . 
 she searched the rags with her nose . 
 there was that strange smell again drifting around her . 
 instantly , every vision from her nightmares flooded her mind . 
 fear gripped her as she saw her pup being shackled in the icer castle . 
 her visions kept changing . 
 why ? 
 she whimpered in horror as her visions grew worse . 
 she had to reach her pup now ! 
 she could n't let that happen to her pup ! 
 `` mur ! 
 wake up ! '' 
 she barked in urgency . 
 mur growled in his sleep and turned over . 
 `` mur ! 
 shema 's been taken ! 
 wake up ! '' 
 the instant she said the words , her mate was on his feet growling . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he shook his head back and forth ridding his mind of sleep . 
 she knew he began to see the visions as well . 
 `` i 'm going after her , '' otsana said with rage building inside her . 
 how dare the icer king steal her pup . 
 mur nudged her anxiously . 
 `` look at your visions ! 
 you know we ca n't do that ! '' 
 he said the words with a tremble . 
 `` i do n't care . 
 the visions can change , '' she growled and shoved her mate aside . 
 he pinned her to the wall his teeth snapping at her . 
 `` i ca n't let you get yourself killed . 
 we 'll have another pup , otsana . 
 let her go . '' 
 his hot breath blew in her face . 
 otsana blinked in shock . 
 let her go ? 
 her pup ? 
 she shoved mur back with a snap of her jaws . 
 `` i 'm going to get her back . '' 
 with those words , she bolted from the house the sound of her mate 's howl behind her . 
 otsana 's footsteps pounded the ground methodically . 
 she tried the mind link with shema , but only received emptiness . 
 shema ! 
 her mind was swirling with visions of her pup being tortured to perform an act she was too young for . 
 she had only a short time before her daughter was forced to do something deadly for a pup . 
 she saw visions of mur howling to the sky . 
 he would n't come after her . 
 chapter 36 deilia deilia settled into her room the pup lying on a small pile of blankets on the floor . 
 the king had told her he would retrieve the wolfinic in the morning . 
 what was he going to do with the pup ? 
 deilia wondered if the act she 'd performed would be detrimental to the innocent creature before her . 
 her brown fur was matted with sticks and bits of leaves , her muzzle nestled against her paws . 
 the next morning , the door to her room opened and king lowen and two guards stepped in . 
 `` i 'm ready for the pup , '' he said to her with hopeful eyes . 
 one of the guards picked up the sleeping wolfinic . 
 she followed the king and the guards through the long hallway and up a flight of stairs until they were in a sitting room . 
 a blonde haired woman sat , her eyes distant as if she was deep in a dream . 
 she heard them come in and smiled with ease . 
 `` lowie , you brought a guest with you . 
 oh , what a wonderful surprise ! '' 
 she exclaimed , clapping like a little child would . 
 deilia observed the dark circles under the woman 's eyes and the shake in her hands . 
 she sat across from the woman on a tan couch . 
 the guard carefully laid the pup on a white fur rug and exited the room . 
 king lowen took his wife 's hand and kissed it . 
 `` sweetheart , this nice girl is going to help you get better . 
 you do whatever she says . 
 i will be right here with you the whole time . '' 
 `` i understand , lowie . 
 aw , what a cute critter ! '' 
 gal ' adryl leaned down and petted the pup asleep on the rug . 
 `` can i keep it ? '' 
 she asked with a child-like expression . 
 `` if you 'd like , gal ' adryl . '' 
 lowen gently brushed aside some loose hairs from his wife 's forehead and kissed her . 
 deilia watched the exchange . 
 she 'd never heard a legend where a wolfinic could cure anyone . 
 she awoke the pup with a single note . 
 shema `` mama ? '' 
 shema whimpered as she opened her eyes . 
 was she dreaming ? 
 she was in a room filled with windows and white stuff swirling outside in a maddening way . 
 the floor was a sparkling white , and a crystal figurine sparkled in the center of the room . 
 she was laying on a white colored rug her paws dirtying it . 
 she started to stand up when she spotted strange creatures surrounding her . 
 one was a female with long blonde hair , her skin as white as the rug under shema 's paws . 
 the other was a small girl in a cloak her skin glistening gold underneath . 
 the last was a blocky looking male with black hair and a scowl on his face . 
 shema trembled . 
 what did they want with her ? 
 where was her mama ? 
 she scampered to her feet and started to back away from the group of people . 
 `` it 's alright , '' the cloaked girl said in a singsong tone . 
 a soft melody came out of her lips until shema felt woozy . 
 king lowen `` i need you to cure my wife of her disease . '' 
 king lowen watched the skittish creature . 
 could one bite simply cure gal ' adryl ? 
 would it work ? 
 his hope was rising too much for his own good . 
 `` let 's begin . 
 i need you to bite this girl , '' the vullen said simply to the tiny pup . 
 the wolfinic nodded up and down as if under a trance . 
 king lowen stepped back as deilia and the pup approached his beautiful wife . 
 deilia opened her mouth , and a song began to drift out . 
 the pup growled fiercely . 
 `` where 's my mama ? 
 i ca n't bite her ... no . '' 
 she started turning toward the door , but deilia gently ushered her back forward . 
 `` we will bring you back to your mama once you simply bite the icer woman , '' she reassured her . 
 `` oh , alright , '' the pup agreed trembling . 
 king lowen watched eagerly as the pup leaned over and sunk her tiny teeth into his wife 's arm . 
 gal ' adryl screamed in fear and tried to yank her arm roughly back . 
 it only managed to sink the pup 's teeth deeper into her flesh . 
 the pup 's eyes grew white , and she whimpered as if in pain . 
 deilia sang a high frequency . 
 gal ' adryl 's eyes rolled up into her head and suddenly her body began to convulse . 
 the deities ' touch book 2 of the jade series an unknown source of power lurks in the darkness . 
 oni’on sulstic has always been a loser . 
 always . 
 so , when he finally comes into a lot of coin and a powerful herb to lure the girl he loves , he takes a chance . 
 when things do n't go quite as planned , he 's forced to go on an insane mission to find the one thing he 's denied his entire life . 
 deities . 
 13-year-old stelane is being forced into a marriage with a man as old as her father . 
 her love waiting just beyond the edge of the border , stelane is determined to find a wolfinic to alter her into the species that her father despises . 
 jump back into the world of jade as you encounter deities , wolfinics , vullens , and a darkness that is determined to rule . 
 otsana neuge city icer domain the cold , harsh wind ran its sharp fingers down otsana 's face as she crossed the border of the icer domain . 
 the hot drool on her muzzle crystallized , and she shook her head back and forth causing the spikes of ice to fling in every direction . 
 her presence alerted the guards , that were posted , and they came running toward her , their hands filling with ice balls . 
 a deep throated growl roared from her lips . 
 her powerful paws knocked one of the guards to the ground , his ice crystal shooting off into the sky like a wayward bird . 
 he screamed as she tore his head from his shoulders . 
 another guard galloped up on a mammoi his hands gripping a spear . 
 he let out a loud cry as she turned her head toward him , her eyes narrowing into slits . 
 her visions directed her , so that she knew he was going to try and hit her with his spear . 
 she chuckled darkly and jumped up on the mammoi and bit a chunk out of the guard 's upper chest . 
 his eyes looked at her with absolute horror before she tore his head from his body . 
 she spat out the rest of him and let the mammoi run away . 
 she bounded toward the castle , blood dripping down her muzzle . 
 her eyes blazed with hatred as her paws slid along the hard packed , iced-over ground . 
 she dug her claws into the ice to keep her balance and nearly ran into a dead tree , its branches scratching at her fur . 
 if the icer king demanded a cure he would get a cure . 
 her visions flashed guiding her through the king 's land , until she reached a frosted towering castle before her . 
 she could hear the hooves of mammois chasing behind her , the calls of the guards , who 'd seen her attack at the border , and the ice building up on their arms to shoot at her . 
 she leapt toward the door , her powerful muscles rippling , and knocked it down flat with fury . 
 she overturned a massive bookcase in front of the door , scattering ancient writings all over the white floor . 
 it would block the guards for some time . 
 her visions danced in and out of her mind like a disobedient pup . 
 her anger made everything a blur of white as she sprang toward a door where she could feel the pull of the mind link . 
 shema ! 
 if you can hear me i 'm here . 
 she tried connecting with her daughter , but there was nothing . 
 why was n't it working ? 
 she snorted , her paws and long mangy fur leaving bits of moss , sticks , and smears of blood on the shiny white tile . 
 otsana heard a pitiful scream and dashed toward the sound . 
 even if her visions were scarce her ears worked perfectly fine . 
 she could smell something odd . 
 she cautiously made her way toward the scream , unsure what she would find when she opened the door . 
 http://amzn.com/b00cmr0zp4 the jade series the vullens ' curse the deities ' touch the vision-stone : coming soon ! 
 fall 2014 citizen lend , wrenched away from his home in the wild , loses everything in one eternal moment . 
 not only have these creatures , who call themselves citizens , stolen his world , now they 're after his freedom . 
 forced into the back of a speedcar , the aliens take him to a warehouse . 
 ill fed , terrified humans huddle in the darkness waiting to be purchased by a citizen . 
 losing all identity except the name `` human , '' lend fights to regain the freedom he and his race have lost . 
 purchased by the daughter of the most powerful citizen on the planet , lend finds his world churning . 
 the female citizen shows him a new side of the alien race that he believed was incapable of love or trust . 
 jealousy rages in her relationship with her future mate , and lend runs from the killer inamorato . 
 with the threat of being burned alive , lend collides straight into a force beyond his control . 
 does he have what it takes to become a savior or will he be enslaved at the hands of the powerful beings who corrupted our world ? 
 chapter 1 `` scream , human . '' 
 a cold voice slid across the room . 
 blue electricity danced in front of a young girl 's eyes ; her pulse racing in her throat . 
 her golden locks hung in waves down her back as she placed a hand against her heart . 
 she backed up a step as an icy , cold blue hand snaked across her throat and lifted her two feet off the ground . 
 `` scream , '' hissed the voice with twisted pleasure . 
 a face appeared in the moon light , blue skin , pointy ears , and a shot of grayish hair . 
 his thin membrane wings were spread across a taut back and webbed fingers and toes curled . 
 the girl let out a whimper as he squeezed harder . 
 the large creature grinned silently as the girl fell limp in his hands . 
 *** the city loomed large and beautiful ; buildings scraped the bright blue sky . 
 silver streets were streaked with flames of color as speedcars blared by . 
 signs blinked simultaneously retching their product or business with ferocious flare . 
 the noise was deafening . 
 children shouted in the streets , guardians barked orders , and the city radio squawked from flashy speakers . 
 it was pandemonium at its best . 
 morthane stood in his airy office staring down over cathrach . 
 the streets were filled with glistening speedcars , dots of blue skinned citizens , and humans lapping at their master 's heels . 
 he watched as neon signs blinked advertising the latest gadgetry and fashion . 
 he glanced down at his tight black pala , a strong material toga , stretched across his blue skin and toning his perfectly formed muscles . 
 the fashion really had n't changed since they 'd invaded earth some thousand years ago . 
 he got a glimpse of his own reflection in the massive window and narrowed his eyes . 
 he was 6 ' 7 quic 's tall , his chest muscular and broad ; his blue skin was a shade darker than most citizens . 
 he ran his fingers through his short black hair that was styled neatly , his jaw was strong , and his face was handsome . 
 his office was spacious , too large his wife always had told him . 
 it fit his personality . 
 the windows filled the wall behind him so that he could look out over cathrach anytime he wanted . 
 he loved space , and the fifty some odd quic ceilings gave him plenty . 
 the opposite wall was filled with black files ; every human who 'd ever crossed human co 's doors was recorded . 
 he had an exact count even . 
 his eyes zeroed to the other side of the wall where a portrait hung of him and his family . 
 his two children , jania and boron , looked down on him with wide smiles . 
 his family . 
 he sighed softly to himself . 
 he was losing them ; rasa had been clear about that . 
 he 'd ignored the warnings , instead focusing on building an empire . 
 human co went through how many thousands of humans a year ? 
 it was n't that he did n't care for his family ; he was just , focused . 
 morthane blew out a slow breath feeling tension build in his muscles . 
 what was wrong with him ? 
 he walked over to his desk , which was black marble , as cold air blew through the air ducts . 
 i like it cold , he thought . 
 he sat down pulling up a file that had been on his mind . 
 he touched the screen with the tip of his webbed finger and saw several human faces he needed to get them sold . 
 citizens just did n't buy humans like they used to . 
 they were so particular now about the breed , the bone structure , and health of the animal they purchased . 
 he sent hunters out every three to six months to track down more of the creatures and bring them into his warehouse . 
 they were becoming more and more difficult to find . 
 humans were getting smarter , if that was possible . 
 he smirked . 
 his wife 's face came into his mind , her long brown hair , lean figure , and pale gray eyes pleading . 
 she 'd hated human co ; she 'd told him it was cruel . 
 he pushed the thoughts away , turning toward his luring office space . 
 he felt bored . 
 morthane could n't help but replay what he 'd said to rasa just before she 'd packed up their two kids and walked out the door . 
 she 'd given him a choice , human co or her . 
 he 'd chosen his business . 
 he could n't let it die . 
 his father had run this business , and his father before that , and generations past . 
 it was a part of whom he was a part of his legacy . 
 he cast a side glance at the large portrait . 
 it was almost as if he could feel the disappointment in those eyes staring down at him . 
 he 'd threatened to have her banned . 
 a muscle jerked in his face . 
 that was stupid , but did he really feel like he could be with a mate who hated his business ? 
 his office manager suddenly appeared before him . 
 he raised his hand in greeting , and she bowed slightly . 
 `` sir , your shipment has just arrived . 
 there 's an unruly one that needs to be tranqued , '' she said matter-of-factly . 
 morthane raised his hand in dismissal . 
 humans were still humans . 
 `` fine , do whatever is necessary . 
 i have a lot to do today . 
 ship him off to the first citizen once he 's been detained . '' 
 the woman nodded and left him . 
 he felt a strange pang at her departure . 
 maybe he 'd go detain the animal himself . 
 morthane stood near the window of his warehouse his eyes taking in the new humans . 
 he looked at a file in his hand scanning the page , five hundred ; a small shipment . 
 it was always messy business when they brought in the new ones from the wild . 
 he watched from the window for a moment as his guards corralled the women to one side and the men to the other side . 
 they 'd be taken to the disinfected chambers where they 'd be washed thoroughly and given fresh palas to wear . 
 he pressed his hand against the glass getting a good look at them . 
 they always clung to each other . 
 it was something he did n't understand , their need for each other . 
 he observed one woman who was wailing , her arms outstretched toward a man on the opposite side . 
 he found it easier to handle them when he pulled the women and men apart . 
 you 'd think he was the devil himself the way these humans carried on . 
 his attention was grabbed toward the back corner where he noted the man that needed to be tranqued . 
 he was tanned , around 6 ' 3 quic , with long black hair that fell almost to his waist . 
 he was jumping , running around , and shouting at his guards , shaking them off like children . 
 his guards were always hesitant to damage his goods , which was the way he 'd trained them , but this display was downright stupid . 
 the other humans were staying out of the crazy man 's path as he pounded on the walls trying to find a way to escape his prison . 
 humans . 
 they were wonderful animals once they were trained . 
 stupid things . 
 their lot in life was to serve and to die . 
 he thrust his hand on the scanner , and the door swished open . 
 `` morgel , i 'll handle him myself . '' 
 the small citizen scampered away like a rat as morthane entered the warehouse . 
 he saw the wild human pause and stare at him for a heartbeat . 
 he pulled out his tranque gun and aimed it at the animal 's chest . 
 a flash exploded , and in a moment the human fell convulsing to the ground . 
 he let his mouth twitch into half a smile . 
 no problem . 
 he slid the tranque into its holder and strolled over to the man . 
 the other humans scattered from him like cockroaches in the light . 
 he leaned down to take a closer look . 
 this one looked strong ; muscles bulged from his arms and legs . 
 his skin was bare except a homemade pair of human pants . 
 he let out a satisfied grunt then turned and left the warehouse . 
 *** lend opened up a lazy eye . 
 he felt pain ripple through his head and wondered if he should just sleep a little longer . 
 then , like a tornado , everything came back . 
 hundreds of humans caught . 
 his eyes fluttered . 
 his body tried to fight the tranq 's power but within a moment he was lost in its cruel grip , blackness slamming into the back of his skull . 
 lend sat near the fire listening to his mother hum a gentle tune . 
 he sharpened his knife on a stone as he sat . 
 his sister , bree , was stirring the stew , her small frame swaying to and fro to the music . 
 lend sighed in contentment . 
 his father and brother were preparing the meat . 
 `` mom , is there anything else you need for the stew ? '' 
 his mother glanced up , her eyes squinting at the sun 's brilliancy . 
 `` could you gather a few herbs from the garden ? '' 
 lend nodded and rose , sliding his knife into its holder against his thigh . 
 he followed the small trail his eyes glancing at the familiar markings . 
 his gut began to get uneasy . 
 he looked around as if something was lurking in the shadows . 
 they were well hidden from the citizens , but something felt wrong . 
 he shrugged it off . 
 he 'd been edgy for awhile now . 
 lend stopped to gather the herbs his mother desired when the hair on the back of his neck prickled . 
 he heard movement nearby and pulled out his knife . 
 his keen eyes darted to the trees on either side of him . 
 something was n't right . 
 all of the humans in his camp knew not to sneak up on each other . 
 suddenly , a blue streak struck the ground beside him . 
 lend tumbled forward and into a hard run his arms pumping furiously . 
 he heard the citizen howl in anger as the ground crackled behind him . 
 a blue flame dashed the ground inches from his feet , scattering rocks . 
 he dove into the forest dodging trees and swiping branches from his face . 
 he heard the citizen barking orders . 
 oh , no . 
 there are more of them , he thought . 
 the forest sizzled behind him as the ballistic citizens went into a rage . 
 run , run , his frantic thoughts screamed . 
 his family 's faces raced through his mind as the cool air whipped around him . 
 what if they were already captured ? 
 he plummeted into a deep ditch hitting the earth hard . 
 his breath escaped him as he tried to stand back up again . 
 a heavy foot pressed up against the side of his face . 
 he struggled to get up and managed to push the citizen off of him , but when he turned around he faced a group of power crazed creatures . 
 they looked at him with deep set scowls . 
 two walked toward him holding heavy chains in their webbed hands . 
 `` there 's nowhere to run , '' rumbled the deep voice . 
 lend pulled out his knife and gripped the handle tightly . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 he heard one of the citizens laugh . 
 lend knew it would n't do any good . 
 one lunged for him and he swung his knife slicing a thin trail of blood down the creature 's arm . 
 `` this human thinks he can fight . '' 
 more laughter followed . 
 they lunged at him , he swung , dodging and pushing the creatures into each other . 
 `` just grab him , '' cawed their leader . 
 he felt heat hit the back of his leg . 
 he jumped to the left letting one of the citizen 's weight fall over his shoulder and onto the ground . 
 he heard the citizen swear as it made a grab for his legs . 
 he jumped back turning in a circle his eyes dark with fury . 
 pain exploded in the back of his skull . 
 he staggered . 
 he felt a blow knock him off his feet and onto his face ; his body hit the dirt with a thud . 
 lend heard someone hissing as another jumped onto him pinning him to the ground . 
 the dark haired human growled trying to shake the heavy body off of him . 
 blue flames slammed the ground near lend 's face crackling and exploding , scorching his cheek . 
 the citizen pulled him up by his hair and shoved him against the side of a metal vehicle . 
 he 'd heard about these vehicles , they were called speedcars . 
 they were unlike anything humans had produced . 
 pure alien . 
 he could smell burnt flesh as the webbed hands pulled his arms tight behind him . 
 the other citizens hissed and laughed as they began shoving others from his tribe into the back of the speedcars . 
 he tried to see if his family was among the group , but he was forced into the horde of humans and prodded into the back of the vehicle . 
 chapter 2 lila dodged her inamorato 's intense stare as she walked into the door of his apartment . 
 it was large and open , the walls stark white , the furniture a rich black . 
 she 'd always thought this place was too masculine for her taste . 
 she knew what conversation was coming and dreaded it . 
 she looked up to see her 6 ' 9 quic inamorato towering over another figure . 
 one word described jodge . 
 huge . 
 he had blonde hair that was typically fused into a point ; his black wings covered his back like a cape . 
 he was distracted for a moment so she set her purse down on the table glancing in the hallway mirror . 
 she prodded her pins loose , fiery red hair came spilling down her shoulders . 
 it was long , down to her waist , curling at the end . 
 she sensed someone behind her and turned . 
 `` hi , beautiful . '' 
 he warmly pulled her into his embrace . 
 he was solid against her back , his breath warming her cheek . 
 `` hi , '' she whispered , looking up into his face . 
 he had a strong jaw , a rounded nose , pointy ears , and blue eyes . 
 her heart quickened as he bent close to her ear and whispered . 
 `` i got a new human . '' 
 lila turned her head , breaking the muscular citizen 's embrace . 
 she caught movement where jodge had just been standing a moment before . 
 a pretty human girl stood with a blank expression on her face . 
 she was lean ; her blonde hair curling around her shoulders , her face was perfect . 
 lila 's heart squeezed . 
 jodge meant to hurt her . 
 she 'd damaged his pride , and now he was aiming for her heart . 
 `` she 's been assisting me all day . '' 
 he stroked the back of lila 's black , leathery wings . 
 a shudder ran through her as her eyes darted up to his face , fury rising in her chest . 
 `` this wo n't change anything , jodge , '' she said coolly , taking a step back from him . 
 jodge gave a brilliant smile , trying to charm his way back into her heart . 
 `` i 've been training her , trying to find out what she 's capable of . '' 
 lila 's mouth twitched into a hard line as she watched jodge pull the human close to him , his dark blue skin touching the pale girl 's arm . 
 the girl was clearly frightened , shaking like a leaf . 
 `` she has to give me what i want , lila . 
 you , on the other hand . '' 
 he flung the girl away as if a rag doll . 
 the human uttered a sharp cry as she hit the wall and slumped to the floor . 
 lila felt a stab of pity . 
 poor thing , she did nothing wrong . 
 she pushed jodge 's meaty hands away . 
 he was n't getting anything from her . 
 not tonight . 
 jodge lifted his hands to her face and held her chin softly . 
 `` i 'm just trying to understand . 
 why wo n't you just say yes and be my mate ? '' 
 his fingers trailed her skin . 
 lila could n't help but melt just slightly at his touch . 
 `` i 'm not ready for that yet , besides being my inamorato is close to being my mate , '' she whispered , her wings fluttering out around her like black silk . 
 `` when will you be ready ? '' 
 jodge gave a nervous laugh . 
 the girl citizen shifted her weight pulling her face out of his hands . 
 `` it 's complicated . '' 
 `` that 's because we 've never -- '' his voice cut off as he turned his head away from her frustrated . 
 she grabbed his webbed hands and looked into his blue eyes . 
 `` i do n't agree with what you 're doing . '' 
 she leaned up against the counter defiantly . 
 jodge studied her face for a moment . 
 `` the humans ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she walked around to the table and sat down . 
 he laughed , his dark bat-like wings unfolding slightly then refolding against his back . 
 he ran his webbed fingers over his face in exasperation . 
 jodge walked over to the girl lying on the floor , staring down at her . 
 `` she 's nothing . 
 just a game i like to play . '' 
 he reached out for lila and kissed her lips fiercely . 
 lila was not convinced . 
 `` it 's wrong jodge . 
 it 's breaking the laws . '' 
 `` since when have you followed the laws , lila ? '' 
 jodge laughed . 
 the girl closed her eyes . 
 `` that 's beside the point . '' 
 `` i 'll take the human back . 
 she was n't worth it anyways . 
 besides , halfsies are disastrous creatures . '' 
 the comment helped a little . 
 halfsies were immediately destroyed before birth or just shortly after . 
 citizens and humans should never mix . 
 she looked at the human and put her hand on the girl 's light hair . 
 she was young . 
 maybe fifteen eons ? 
 `` wake up , human . '' 
 lila gently shook the girl . 
 the girl 's lip trembled as she stood to her feet . 
 she was dressed in a pale blue pala ; her blonde hair was ruffled but otherwise still perfect . 
 `` get me some coffee . '' 
 the girl let out a small whimper , glanced at jodge , and walked toward the kitchen . 
 jodge looked pleased with himself . 
 he reached for lila , and she came into his arms again . 
 *** lila let her mind play with an ancient memory from her past as she stepped outside to drink in the cool night air . 
 jodge wanted a direct answer that she could n't give him . 
 why would n't she be his mate ? 
 her fingers traced the wood grain back and forth as she stared out over the lit up city below . 
 tannel . 
 the name arose from within her thoughts . 
 she 'd tried to bury that memory a long time ago . 
 she 'd been just a kid . 
 lila closed her eyes letting the wind kiss her eyelashes . 
 her mother had always taught her to respect humans , to treat them gently . 
 her father was the extreme opposite . 
 lila 's mom had purchased a young male human and had given him to lila as a playmate . 
 pain reared its ugly head at the memory of the human whom she 'd grown to love . 
 *** morning brought the realization that his wife was really gone . 
 the house was silent , empty , deserted . 
 morthane groaned , shoving his webbed feet out of bed . 
 he glanced at his face in the mirror . 
 dark blue skin , short black hair , and coal black eyes blinked back at him . 
 he was well admired in cathrach , even feared ; he was born into a powerful family and they 'd been selling humans for hundreds of years . 
 his mind drifted back to the man whom he 'd tranqued the other day . 
 he had gotten unruly again and they 'd iced him . 
 just for an hour . 
 he could hear his wife 's voice nagging him . 
 you 're heartless . 
 those poor humans ! 
 it had been a mistake to take her to human co ; they 'd iced humans and she had watched . 
 rasa had been raised different than he was . 
 her father had been one of the few citizens to stand up against morthane 's father . 
 it was ironic that her father had allowed her union with him . 
 he would never call it love . 
 love was a human fairy tale . 
 citizens did n't fall in love , they just accepted each other . 
 now she was gone . 
 maybe it was time to get out of this business . 
 he shook his head at the thought . 
 he needed to be distracted . 
 he strained his body into action . 
 the smell that came from the kitchen caught his attention . 
 coffee . 
 it was a delectable thing that they 'd discovered from some of the first humans . 
 his slaves must have brewed him some , he took one more glance at the mirror and pulled on his pala . 
 black . 
 always black . 
 like my soul , i miss you rasa . 
 , he thought darkly . 
 he pushed her face from his mind . 
 he should have listened to her . 
 morthane scowled at his thoughts and came into the kitchen his eyes still feeling heavy . 
 three women bowed down to him , nearly kissing his feet . 
 pesky humans . 
 he felt frustrated . 
 he shoved them out of the way . 
 the smallest girl came and sat a plate of food before him . 
 she caught his eye and smiled . 
 his pulse quickened . 
 she was pretty . 
 he found the temptation disturbing . 
 one day without rasa and he was already tempted into making a halfsie ; half human half citizen ? 
 he ran a hand over his face and pushed the plate away . 
 `` i 'm leaving , '' he muttered , standing to his feet and grabbing the young girl 's wrist . 
 he stared into her frightened eyes . 
 `` get out of my house . '' 
 the small girl looked hurt , her hands starting to shake as he released her . 
 she turned and started to walk away . 
 humans who were banned into the wild died quickly ; they were too weak once they 'd been trained . 
 he questioned his cruelty . 
 he thought twice and remembered rasa . 
 she would n't want him to ban the human . 
 `` wait . '' 
 the girl stopped and turned , her eyes filled with those awful tears humans produced . 
 `` just get to work , '' he grunted . 
 she nodded respectively . 
 stupid human . 
 he hated himself for thinking those thoughts . 
 he slammed the door and headed to human co. *** lila went down to human co early the next morning . 
 she had no idea why , maybe just to get away from jodge . 
 she felt like she could n't think straight when he was near her . 
 she glanced at the new humans , bored . 
 they were all the same . 
 same scared expression , same faces , all the same . 
 she sighed , annoyed that she 'd come down here . 
 suddenly , one of them moved . 
 struggled . 
 he had been on his side while most humans were free to move around . 
 his hands were tied behind him , his body iced , lying on the ground . 
 but this one was putting up a fight . 
 she noticed the handlers holding tranque guns in their webbed hands . 
 her eyes drew back to his form . 
 he had toned muscles and thick black hair . 
 unruly . 
 that was the first word that came to her mind . 
 she liked him . 
 he glanced up at her , his eyes full of pain . 
 his body shivered . 
 `` that one , '' lila commanded . 
 a citizen with yellow , wiry , hair glanced at her surprised . 
 `` he is untrained , ma’am . 
 we 've had to ice him three times now . '' 
 lila frowned noting the marks on the male human 's body . 
 he 'd been punished severely by the looks of it . 
 `` get him for me , now . '' 
 her voice held authority that none dared disobey . 
 within a moment lila had bought herself a new human . 
 it was about time a human had a backbone . 
 *** lend was tied up and thrown into the back of a speedcar . 
 he shook , his body still reacting to being iced . 
 he could hear the citizen start up the engine , heat kicked out the back vent . 
 in a few moments his muscles started to spasm as they began to unthaw . 
 `` that should get you moving again . '' 
 he heard her say cheerily from the front . 
 it was painful . 
 the cold and hot combined made his body burn . 
 he moaned softly not wanting the citizen to hear it . 
 she turned slightly in her seat . 
 `` what a moron my brother is . 
 does n't he know you 're not supposed to ice a human body more than once ? '' 
 she made a little disgusted noise as she reached a long arm back behind her and turned all of the vents onto him . 
 warm air blasted him . 
 he let out an audible groan and she winced . 
 `` just try to relax . 
 icing takes awhile to recover from . '' 
 she turned back around leaning back against her seat as the automatic car carried them through the streets of downtown . 
 it was silent , but for the sound of the vents letting out whooshes of air . 
 lend let his mind drift . 
 who was she ? 
 fear made his body break out into cold sweats . 
 his arms finally felt unthawed . 
 he moved slightly . 
 still painful . 
 his legs were still held together like someone had wrapped them in tight , cold , ropes . 
 anger boiled inside his chest like a hot cauldron . 
 what am i going to do ? 
 he thought . 
 lend sat up slightly as the car turned sharply through the streets . 
 he looked over at the citizen woman . 
 she looked wealthy , her body was adorned with expensive jewelry , her fiery red hair held glittering diamonds . 
 why had she bought him ? 
 the car suddenly came to a quick stop . 
 his shoulder hit the seat and he groaned slightly . 
 he slumped back down . 
 lend heard the doors swoosh open . 
 the female citizen grabbed him from the back and hauled him out . 
 he winced . 
 `` walk , human . '' 
 lend 's legs felt wobbly as she placed him on his feet . 
 citizens never called them by their name . 
 it was always human . 
 lend found it terse . 
 maybe he was just new to this whole slave thing , but he hated it already . 
 he walked cautiously every step caused burning pain to race up and down his calves . 
 it was like walking on coals . 
 not that he 'd ever walked on coals . 
 he looked up at the alien and found her staring at him . 
 his expression darkened . 
 lila found this human fascinating . 
 she could almost read his thoughts that were playing through his dark eyes . 
 he wanted her throat . 
 she felt a thrill . 
 she knew he could never hurt her . 
 she was after all , the superior race . 
 the human took tentative steps forward . 
 lila could tell that he was in pain from being iced . 
 she 'd never bought a human who 'd been iced before , they usually were trouble . 
 she watched thoughts going through his mind . 
 he wanted to fight . 
 she gripped his arm and looked up at his face . 
 `` do n't be foolish . '' 
 lila let a small surge of power go through her hand . 
 he looked at it and pulled his arm away quickly . 
 so , he 'd felt the power before had he ? 
 she felt a stab of pity go through her chest . 
 she led the way , keeping her eye on him as they made their way into her apartment . 
 he looked lost . 
 she did n't blame him . 
 she approached him as they came to the second floor . 
 `` my name is lila . '' 
 the human listened , his eyes intent on her face . 
 his gaze was like ice . 
 `` your purpose is to obey me . 
 if you do n't , i want you to understand that i can have you destroyed . '' 
 lend observed his new master with an acid-like stare . 
 she had chiseled features , high cheek bones , petite nose , and a slim body . 
 her skin was pale blue and red hair adorned her head . 
 she had flashing green eyes and black leathery wings that were curled against her back . 
 lend walked down a long hallway , the lights dim . 
 he hoped his fear did n't show on his face as the creature led him to a doorway . 
 `` this is your room , human . '' 
 lend looked down the other side of the hallway . 
 a woman peeked her head out one of the doors . 
 she stared at him for a moment then shut the door quickly when she spotted lila . 
 lend turned toward the citizen woman feeling empty and defeated . 
 she turned and walked away as he opened his door and stepped inside his tomb . 
 the room was as empty as his feelings . 
 it was dimly lit with a single bed , a small lamp , and a dresser shoved against one corner . 
 he walked over to the dresser and opened it up feeling his muscles scream at him with pain . 
 inside were bland gray clothes . 
 he pulled one out . 
 was that a dress ? 
 he looked at it with disgust . 
 he did n't know who these aliens thought they were , but he was not going to wear a stupid dress . 
 he 'd rather wear his human pants that the warehouse keeper had tried to strip off of him . 
 he 'd bitten him . 
 he closed the drawer roughly and stared at the wall . 
 a few moments later there was a soft knock on the door . 
 he opened it and saw a young woman standing there . 
 she smiled at him . 
 `` hi , i 'm gali . '' 
 `` lend . '' 
 `` welcome to our home . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she nodded , turned , and walked away . 
 lend closed the door with a thud and leaned up against the back of it . 
 he had to get out of here and find his family . 
 their faces flashed before him , bringing a stinging pain to his chest . 
 his fingers curled into a fist . 
 author bio when natasha house wakes up in the morning she 's got one thing on her brain : writing . 
 she works a `` normal '' job along with pursuing writing . 
 she enjoys singing and diving into random crafty projects . 
 one of her favorite songs she wrote was ` it 's coffee time . ' 
 natasha loves writing different genres including : sci-fi , fantasy , middle grade , romance , and paranormal . 
 her dream is to one day write full time . 
 she loves making people laugh , sit on the edge of their seat , and dive into a world they might not want to come out of . 
 to find out more about natasha house subscribe for email updates http://eepurl.com/zm2kx blog http://natashahouse.wordpress.com/ facebook https://www.facebook.com/zarasuperheroprincess?ref=hl&ref_type=bookmark twitter @natasha house note from the author : thank you for reading my book ! 
 i hope you enjoyed it . 
 i absolutely love hearing from my readers , and if you have a spare moment would you consider leaving a review ? 
 it really helps me out as an author to grow and helps get the word out ! 
