 3 a.m. by nick pirog - smashwords edition - published by : nick pirog copyright © 2013 nick pirog smashwords edition license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then you should return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the author 's work . 
 disclaimer : 3 a.m. is a short novella , ninety-five pages long , which only makes up 80 % of this book . 
 the remaining 20 % is a twenty-five page teaser for my top 5 amazon bestselling thriller , gray matter . 
 thanks for your purchase . 
 enjoy ! 
 3 a.m. nickthriller.com ~ one ~ one hour . 
 sixty minutes . 
 three thousand , six hundred seconds . 
 that 's how long i get each day . 
 how long i 'm awake . 
 i wo n't bore you with the science of it all ; i 'd rather get to the story . 
 and what a story it is . 
 and i only have an hour to tell it . 
 but just know that i have seen every doctor and taken every medication in the book and nothing helps . 
 i wake up at 3:00 a.m. each morning and fall asleep an hour later . 
 then i sleep for twenty-three hours . 
 then repeat . 
 it is n't much of a life , but it is the only one i know . 
 i 'm 36 . 
 by my age , most people have been awake for over 200,000 hours . 
 i 've been awake for less than 14,000 . 
 according to the doctors , there have only been three people in existence to ever have the condition . 
 condition , that 's what they call it . 
 not a disease , not an illness , a condition . 
 a young girl in taiwan has it . 
 and another guy in iceland . 
 but it 's named after me . 
 i had it first . 
 henry bins . 
 that 's what they call it . 
 i 'm henry bins and i have henry bins . 
 anyhow , you might be wondering how i can string two sentences together if i 've been awake fewer hours than a normal three-year-old . 
 well , what can i say , i 'm a prodigy . 
 and maybe because god gave me henry bins -- i 'm henry bins and i have henry bins -- he found it only fair to compensate with a brilliant mind . 
 it 's now 3:02 . 
 i 'd better get started . 
 ... i open my eyes with a jolt . 
 it 's april 18th . 
 i know this because yesterday was april 17th . 
 and the big electronic clock on my dresser tells me so . 
 the glowing green embers also tell me it is 3:01 a.m. . 
 one minute gone . 
 i rip the covers off and jump out of bed . 
 i am fully clothed . 
 i 'm wearing gray sweat pants , a maroon hooded sweatshirt , and lime green asics . 
 next stop , the kitchen . 
 my laptop is sitting on the kitchen table . 
 i hit the mouse pad and the black screen vanishes , replaced by the frozen picture of a castle . 
 i 've been watching game of thrones in ten-minute intervals . 
 i hit the spacebar and the show resumes . 
 keeping an eye on the screen , i open the fridge and remove a sandwich -- roast beef , heavy on the mustard -- and a peanut butter protein shake . 
 both have been pre-made by isabel , a mexican woman who cooks , cleans , and does countless other things i do n't have time for . 
 i pick up my cellphone . 
 no calls . 
 three messages . 
 all from my father . 
 two are pictures of his dog . 
 i message him back that he needs to find a woman and sit down to the computer . 
 i devour the sandwich and the smoothie as i open a separate window and log into my e-trade account . 
 it 's all about multitasking . 
 i ca n't help but glance at the clock in the bottom right corner . 
 3:04 . 
 four minutes gone . 
 i check my stocks , which look good -- i 've made roughly 8k in the last twenty-four hours -- then make some minor tweaks on the parameters i have in place for buys and sells , then close the window . 
 i log onto okcupid , a dating site , and go through the various messages . 
 nothing worthwhile . 
 my screen name , nghtowl3am only attracts the crazies . 
 as you might think , meeting a woman has proved difficult . 
 for many years , i would try twenty-four hour bookstores , coffee shops , or diners , but after three trips to the emergency room and one woman calling her brother to dispose of my dead body , i gave up . 
 i close the window and devote three minutes of my undivided attention to game of thrones . 
 i love tyrion . 
 at 3:10 , i hit pause , grab my iphone and ear-buds and sprint out the door . 
 it 's the beginning of spring and the alexandria air is cold . 
 i wish i 'd worn a beanie , but i do n't dare waste the time going to grab one . 
 the streets are silent . 
 three in the morning must be the quietest time of the day . 
 even the nocturnal night people have turned in and the crazy , morning folk are still tucked away . 
 but then again , i do n't have anything to compare it to . 
 i just know the half hour i spend in the world , it might as well be on mute . 
 i run under the streetlights , the closest thing i know to sunlight , and concentrate on every sensation . 
 the burn in my thighs , the cold air as it travels through my nostrils and down into my lungs . 
 i force myself to stay in the moment . 
 i do n't have time for the past or the future . 
 my life is the present . 
 for many years , i played the what if game . 
 what if i had a normal life ? 
 where would i be ? 
 would i be married ? 
 would i have kids ? 
 but then twenty or thirty minutes would be gone . 
 wasted . 
 thinking about things that i ca n't change . 
 that are unchangeable . 
 i listen to three songs by the lumineers , my new favorite band , then five minutes of feed the pig , an investment podcast . 
 it is two miles to the potomac , a highway of water separating virginia from maryland , and i spend a perfect minute watching a trawler sucked downstream by the sweeping black current . 
 i used to wonder what it would look like during the light of day , how the water would look under a burning sun and puffy white clouds , but day did n't exist in my world . 
 only night . 
 only darkness . 
 as i head back , i see a car turn onto the side street . 
 this is the first car i 've seen in six days . 
 it is a ford focus . 
 a new one . 
 the ford stock closed at 13.02 . 
 just saying . 
 i do the four miles in just under twenty-eight minutes and when i reach my condo steps it is 3:38 a.m. twenty-two minutes left . 
 i do push-ups and sit-ups for three minutes . 
 i jerk off in two minutes . 
 i take a four minute shower . 
 when i pull on a clean set of nearly the same outfit and head back to the kitchen , it is 3:48 . 
 twelve minutes . 
 i pull a salad from the fridge : greens , carrots , tomatoes , quinoa , and chicken . 
 healthy stuff . 
 i grab an apple , two chocolate chip cookies , and a big glass of milk . 
 i sit down at the table and click on my kindle . 
 i 'm reading lone survivor , about a navy seal who survives a shootout against the taliban in the afghanistan mountains . 
 amazing stuff . 
 i eat slowly , soak up each word . 
 i take the last bite of my second chocolate chip cookie at 3:58 . 
 i turn the kindle off , stand up , and walk towards the bedroom . 
 i sit down on my bed at 3:59 a.m. . 
 that 's when i hear the woman 's scream . 
 i stand up and run to the window . 
 directly across from my condo is a ranch style house with a gate . 
 the ford focus i saw earlier is parked on the street directly in front . 
 i have no idea who lives there . 
 i 've never seen them . 
 that could be said for all my neighbors . 
 i know i should go back to my bed , that i am going to fall over any moment . 
 but i ca n't . 
 i 'm glued to the window . 
 i might as well be stuck between the two panes . 
 i tick off seconds . 
 the gate opens and a man walks briskly through . 
 as he opens the door to the ford focus , he walks directly under the streetlight . 
 as if sensing my gaze , he turns , and looks up . 
 we lock eyes . 
 then he gets in the car and drives off . 
 my last thought as my eyes close and i start falling is the chiseled features and piercing stare of the man . 
 the president of the united states . 
 ~ two ~ by the time i got to my feet , the first minute of my day had already come and gone . 
 my neck was stiff , consequence of sleeping in such an awkward position , but i counted myself lucky . 
 i had n't hit my head on anything . 
 no blood . 
 no concussion . 
 i rub my neck as i peer out the window . 
 an echo of the president 's face plays over my eyes and i shake my head , eliciting a shooting pain through my sternocleidomastoideus - the long muscle running from the clavicle to just below the ear . 
 could that really have been him ? 
 but it was . 
 there was n't a shadow of a doubt that the man i 'd seen was connor sullivan . 
 the 44th president of the united states . 
 i walk to the kitchen and sit down in front of the laptop . 
 after a short couple seconds i have pulled up the bio of connor sullivan on wikipedia . 
 the once three-term governor of virginia has dark brown hair parted on the left and gray-green eyes that are n't unlike my own . 
 but that 's where the similarities begin and end . 
 sullivan is the tallest president , dwarfing lincoln by three inches and madison by nearly fifteen . 
 he is a head taller than me , which would put me eye-level with the most famous chin dimple in the free world . 
 it only added to his allure that he was an all-american small forward at dayton . 
 i thought about adding a quick update to his long and tedious wikipedia page : april 18th -- murders woman in alexandria , va. . 
 on this note , i search the local news outlets for an attack or murder , but come up empty . 
 my cellphone chirps and i quickly respond to my father 's `` are-you-still-alive '' texts and know that he will finally be able to sleep knowing his baby boy is alive and well . 
 my mother left when i was four , unable to cope with my disease , leaving my father to care for me . 
 he worked two jobs , sixteen hour days , but he was there every night i woke up at 3 a.m. . 
 he tried to make my life as normal as possible . 
 when i was young , i had twenty minutes of school each morning with professor bins . 
 math , science , spelling -- he covered everything . 
 my father was adamant i develop social skills and would pay parents , literally pay them , to get their kids to come play video games or tag or ping-pong with me for a half-hour . 
 -lrb- i actually still keep in touch with a couple of them on facebook . -rrb- 
 my dad would call in favors , or shell out grand sums of money for establishments to make special arrangements for me . 
 on my tenth birthday , i woke up at an amusement park . 
 for an hour , the two of us had the whole park to ourselves . 
 when i was 18 , he set up a prom for me . 
 the girl was the daughter of a woman he worked with , and she was n't all that cute , but it had been exciting nonetheless and i did get a quick kiss out of it . 
 he administered my sats to me over the course of ten nights , standing over me with a stopwatch . 
 -lrb- i got a 1420 by the way . -rrb- 
 on my 21st birthday , i woke up and my dad had turned the house into a bar and it was full of coeds . 
 i later found out he paid a university of virginia sorority a couple thousand dollars to pack the place . 
 i contemplate calling him and telling him about his favorite president , but my father would bury me in a thousand questions and my hour would dissolve like sugar in water . 
 i grab a sandwich from the fridge and try to shake last night from my mind . 
 last night was the past . 
 i do n't deal in the past . 
 i deal in the present . 
 and presently , i 'd wasted eighteen minutes of my day . 
 i turn game of thrones back on and watch as jon snow performs oral sex on a redhead wildling . 
 i feel a sensation in my pants , but decide that with my limited supply of time , masturbation is n't going to make the cut . 
 i grab my phone , slip on my asics , remember to grab a beanie , and run out the door . 
 it is 3:26 a.m. i will have to cut my run short . 
 i do a seven-minute mile out , then a six-minute mile back . 
 by the time i stand beneath the streetlight , the same streetlight connor sullivan parked his car under a day earlier , it is 3:39 . 
 twenty-one minutes . 
 i turn and face the house . 
 it is silent , as if the wrought iron gate surrounding it protects it from all threats , even sound . 
 i pull my hand into my shirt and fiddle with the lock atop the gate . 
 it unlatches and the gate swings open with a soft creak . 
 i know what i 'm about to do is wrong , both ethically and legally , but what if there is a woman in the house that needs help ? 
 it had been nearly twenty-four hours since the scream ; she could feasibly still be alive . 
 right ? 
 either way , you might be asking yourself , why was n't i calling the police to come check it out ? 
 simple . 
 this was the most exciting thing to happen in my 14,000 hours of being awake . 
 i slide through the opening in the gate , then tiptoe up the steps . 
 there are two narrow panes of glass running vertically along the door and i lean forward and peer into the house . 
 my eyes are still pinging with the light from the streetlamp and i ca n't make out a single shape . 
 i lift my hand , still covered by my shirt -- i have no plans of leaving any fingerprints -- and push down on the wrought iron handle . 
 it gives and the door pushes inward . 
 i wiggle my foot in the space and push inward until i can fully slip my body through . 
 the door eases shut behind me . 
 i pull out my cellphone and click on the flashlight app . 
 the room brightens . 
 breaking and entering . 
 check and check . 
 from the shape of the house , i know the garage is left and the kitchen , living room , and bedrooms are to the right . 
 i take a deep breath and whisper , `` hello . '' 
 no one answers . 
 i begin moving slowly through the house . 
 it is bigger than it appears from the outside , stretching back nearly double what i would have predicted . 
 the house smells clean and tidy and it is . 
 the kitchen is spotless , save for two dishes in the sink , which i deduce once held grilled cheese and tomato soup . 
 the refrigerator is full . 
 some healthy items . 
 some not so . 
 there is a large sectional in the living room adjacent to a flat screen tv that i assume , by the 3d glasses next to the remote , is one of the newer models . 
 there are two small bedrooms and one master . 
 the master is the only one that appears lived in . 
 trinkets , mostly of elephants , fill every imaginable surface . 
 the bed is made . 
 the pillows perfectly plump and arranged . 
 my phone vibrates and i realize it is the alarm i set . 
 knowing full well there was a good chance i might end up inside the house next door , i 'd set the alarm to go off at 3:50 . 
 i start back towards the front door and pull it open . 
 giving the foyer one last survey , i decide that if connor sullivan had in fact hurt the woman -- who might or might not be the owner of the house -- then she was n't here . 
 so , he 'd either come back to clean up his mess , or there had never been a mess to start with , ergo , the woman was n't hurt . 
 regardless if it was a , b , c , or otherwise , she was n't here . 
 a shadow . 
 i flick my head around , which sends a bolt of lightning through my neck . 
 the two advil and the icyhot i applied had markedly alleviated the pain , but the wrenching of my neck has overpowered the drugs . 
 i groan at the cat . 
 he is tan and black and his eyes are orange against the light from my cellphone . 
 he comes forward and rubs against my leg . 
 `` hey cat . '' 
 he does n't respond . 
 i reach down to pet him , but before i touch him , he darts away and slinks down the hallway . 
 i shine my light after him . 
 he meows at a door . 
 i walk toward him and pull the door open . 
 the smell is overpowering . 
 i can smell it in my eyes . 
 i can hear the smell . 
 the woman is on the hood of the car . 
 she 's wearing a blue tank top and plaid pajama bottoms . 
 the woman 's neck is swollen and is a tie-dye of red , purple , and blue . 
 icyhot and advil will not help this woman . 
 the cat bounces up and begins meowing at the woman . 
 below the neck , the woman 's body is drained of color , a pastel white . 
 the cat curls up on the woman 's chest and lies down . 
 i take a couple steps forward . 
 by my best guess the woman is in her early twenties . 
 blond hair and petite . 
 eyes that were once electric blue are dull and rimmed in blood . 
 she 's still attractive in death and i wonder how many necks she 'd turned in life . 
 there is a chiming and i look down at my phone . 
 i 've been standing over the woman 's body for seven minutes . 
 shit . 
 as i turn to leave , i realize the sound is n't coming from my phone . 
 it is coming from another phone . 
 possibly the woman 's . 
 the phone rings a third time . 
 it is under the car . 
 i get down on my hands and knees . 
 i drop to my belly . 
 i army crawl until my torso is halfway beneath the low hanging audi . 
 my fingers touch the outside of the phone 's pink casing . 
 i groan , edge forward , try and flip the phone back over on itself . 
 it takes me seven tries . 
 i grab the phone , push myself painfully from beneath the car and get to my feet . 
 i am huffing and puffing . 
 i look down at the phone . 
 it is a white samsung galaxy s4 in a pink case . 
 the call has expired . 
 the time is 3:59 . 
 i sprint out of the garage and to the front door . 
 can i get home in time ? 
 it 's a hundred yards then up three flights of stairs . 
 what if i fall over in the middle of the road ? 
 what if i only make it to the front yard ? 
 what if someone finds me , then comes and finds the woman 's body ? 
 i will wake up in jail . 
 i decide there 's no way i can make it . 
 i have to hide . 
 i run to one of the small bedrooms , open the closet , and lay down . 
 i 'm still looking for a way to extend my legs when i fall asleep . 
 ~ three ~ he 's on my stomach . 
 the cat . 
 `` yo . '' 
 cat lifts his head , stares at me with his orange eyes , then rests his head back down on my chest . 
 the events of the past night come flooding back . 
 the woman 's body . 
 the phone under the car . 
 the fact i am hiding in a closet with a cat on my chest . 
 i push myself up on my haunches , sending cat fleeing to places unknown . 
 this time it is n't my neck , it 's my back . 
 it is screaming . 
 i run my hand over my lower oblique and feel a quarter-inch depression that is sore to the touch . 
 gentle moonlight cascades through an open window , softly illuminating the plastic hanger i have slept on . 
 ugh . 
 once on my feet , i find my phone . 
 it is 3:02 a.m. i feel around in my opposite pocket and find the other phone . 
 the pink samsung . 
 a picture , a narrow white obelisk , the washington monument , fills the screen . 
 the woman has been dead for going on forty-eight hours and i expect to see a barrage of texts , but there is only the missed call from the night before . 
 did this woman have any friends ? 
 co-workers ? 
 did anyone even know she was missing ? 
 i want to see what the number was that called , but the four boxes centering the phone lead me to believe the phone is locked . 
 it is . 
 i try 1234 , but surprisingly it does n't work . 
 i make a mental note to put the samsung back under the car for the police to find . 
 i wipe any prints i might have left on the phone with my sleeve and put it in the pocket of my sweat pants . 
 as for the police , obviously , they had n't come in the last day , or if they had , they were a shoddy bunch . 
 i 'd been asleep in an open closet . 
 surely , they would have stumbled upon me and i would have awoken in jail , possibly already having undergone my first round of sodomy . 
 so , i was n't altogether surprised to find the woman in the same place i 'd last seen her . 
 as for the state of her , that was an entirely different story . 
 the condition of the body was a far cry from what i 'd seen just a day earlier . 
 beneath a steady swarm of insects , the woman 's body is decomposing . 
 it smells of sulfur and it is intolerable . 
 the smell twenty-four hours earlier was of fresh linen comparatively . 
 i gag and retreat back into the main house . 
 it is 3:04 . 
 i make my way into the kitchen and once again slink my hand into my sweatshirt and open the refrigerator . 
 grabbing two string cheeses , i open one , and slowly begin checking drawers . 
 i am looking for mail . 
 or something with the woman 's name on it . 
 but there are no electric bills , no catalogs , not a single trace of her identity . 
 no wallet , no white house press pass , no steamy letters from connor sullivan . 
 i spend another five minutes poking around , then decide i 've already pushed my luck and head for the front door . 
 thinking better of it , i make my way through the living room and to a sliding glass door that leads to a small back patio . 
 sliding the door closed , i give one last glance behind me . 
 cat is staring at me through the glass door . 
 meow . 
 `` what ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` sorry , i 'm more of dog guy . '' 
 meow . 
 `` i do n't know , go drink out of the toilet . '' 
 meow . 
 `` there 's plenty of string cheese in the fridge . '' 
 meow . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i quickly open the door and cat jumps into my arms . 
 it is 3:13 when we get back to my place . 
 i am just as thirsty as cat and i drink three glasses of water . 
 i grab a sandwich and shake for me and open a can of tuna for cat . 
 he takes another couple laps of water from the bowl i set down , then makes his way to the food and starts lick eating it , like they do . 
 i lean down and check his neck , but he does n't have a collar . 
 `` well , i ca n't be calling you cat , now can i ? '' 
 i think back to how he 'd directed me to the garage door and said , `` just like when timmy fell in the well . '' 
 lassie . 
 he looks up and nods , almost if to say , works for me . 
 `` well , lassie , i hate to tell you this because i know you are a staunch , right wing conservative , but your mom was killed by the president of the united states . 
 this is what happens when we elect republicans . '' 
 he licks himself in response . 
 i toss my clothes on the couch and take a two-minute shower . 
 after rubbing icyhot into my lower back , i throw on some fresh sweats , a fresh hoody , wrangle my cell out of the pocket of my sweat pants on the couch and look at the time . 
 3:22 a.m. i have a lot to accomplish in thirty-eight minutes . 
 fifteen minutes later , i am holding the pay phone in my hand . 
 it is the only pay phone i know of and happens to be at summer park . 
 i 'm not overly concerned with anyone seeing me , but i pull the beanie down and flap up the hood of my sweatshirt , which i 'm guessing makes me look all that more suspicious . 
 the 911 call is simple and short , there is a dead woman at 1561 sycamore . 
 there is a squad car parked in front of the house when i return and i take the back entrance to my condo . 
 peeking through the curtains , lassie on my lap , busily licking his hind paws , i watch as three more squad cars arrive , followed fittingly by a van with alexandria crime scene unit inscribed on the side . 
 with one minute left , i give one last glance out the window at the dancing red and blue lights , then lie down on my pillow . 
 lassie snuggles up next to me . 
 after sleeping on the ground two nights in a row , i 'm quite happy to have made it back to my bed , but as i close my eyes , i ca n't shake the feeling i 've forgotten something . 
 something important . 
 ... i 'm surprised to find lassie still curled up next to me twenty-three hours later . 
 he bats his eyes at me and he still looks tired . 
 i think he would happily have slept for another twenty-three . 
 but i do n't have a litter box and i 'm guessing he has to take care of business . 
 i open the door to a small third-story balcony . 
 i have a long dead plant and i rip it from the planter and scatter the remaining dirt in a heaping mound . 
 lassie is still on the bed and i tell him , `` go pee and poop on that mound of dirt . '' 
 to my absolute amazement , he does . 
 holy shit . 
 `` good dog . '' 
 i head to the opposite window and peer out . 
 there are still two police cars parked in front of the house . 
 crime scene tape has been strung around the perimeter of the wrought iron fence . 
 i plop down in front of my laptop and pull up the local news . 
 young woman slain . 
 being that alexandria is only fifteen minutes from the white house and is home to a huge percentage of bigwigs , i expect a bigger story , but the report is just the basics . 
 no name . 
 no age . 
 simply that a woman was found strangled in the garage of her home in alexandria . 
 no suspects . 
 once lassie and i have eaten , i call my dad . 
 knowing he is coming two nights later to play cards , we only chat for a couple minutes . 
 i wait for him to ask about the murder , but he does n't . 
 i will tell him in person in two days . 
 his face will be priceless . 
 as for the murder , i wonder if the police have connected the woman to the most powerful man in the world yet . 
 was she one of connor sullivan 's aides ? 
 an intern ? 
 and what about the president ? 
 who should i tell ? 
 should i write an anonymous email and send it to the alexandria police . 
 i was n't so naive that i thought i could accuse the president of the united states of murder and not face some sort of repercussions . 
 no matter how sure i was that it was him -- and i was unwaveringly positive -- there would be backlash . 
 not to mention how unbelievable the idea was . 
 first , where was the president 's secret service ? 
 did they know ? 
 had they arranged the tryst ? 
 did the president somehow sneak from the white house unknown ? 
 could it happen ? 
 i was n't sure . 
 what i did know was that when the president should have been asleep in his bedroom at the white house , he was in the house across the street from me strangling a woman to death . 
 i 'm about to start crafting said email , when i notice a small rectangular card near my front door . 
 `` grab that card , '' i tell lassie . 
 he jumps off my lap , licks the card , but comes short of retrieving it . 
 i shake my head at him and grab it . 
 ingrid ray , alexandria homicide . 
 the police had probably spent the better part of yesterday canvassing the neighborhood to see if there were any witnesses . 
 knocking on my door and not getting an answer , she 'd slipped her card under my door . 
 i pull out my cell phone and dial . 
 she would no doubt be asleep , but i plan on leaving a message that i 'd heard about the murder , but i had n't seen anything . 
 surprisingly , she answers . 
 `` ray , alexandria homicide . '' 
 `` oh , hi , um , my name is henry bins . 
 you slipped your card under my door ? '' 
 `` where do you live ? '' 
 i tell her . 
 `` i 'll be there in five . '' 
 she hangs up . 
 i look at lassie and say , `` well , that did n't go according to plan . '' 
 ... she shows up seven minutes later . 
 it is 3:33 a.m. . 
 she has auburn hair held pack in a ponytail . 
 she is clad in jeans and a washington redskins hoodie . 
 she does n't have a trace of makeup on . 
 she does n't need any . 
 high cheek bones . 
 brown eyes . 
 too attractive to be a cop , which probably accounted for her no-nonsense demeanor . 
 `` so , you always up at this time ? '' 
 she asks , taking a seat at my kitchen table and running her hand over lassie 's arched spine . 
 i decide for the short answer . 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` you some sort of weird writer or something ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 day trader . '' 
 `` it 's night . 
 would n't that make you a night trader ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` it 's day somewhere . '' 
 `` right , right . 
 what markets do you trade it ? 
 london ? 
 tokyo ? '' 
 `` uh , yeah , '' i manage . 
 `` so , are you up for the day or finishing for the night ? '' 
 `` up for the day . '' 
 not a total lie . 
 only my day has fifteen minutes left . 
 `` early bird and all that . '' 
 she forces a smile , then after a deep breath , asks , `` you hear about the girl that got killed across the street ? 
 you know , between all that trading that you do ? '' 
 `` yeah , i heard about it . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` where what ? '' 
 `` where did you hear about it ? '' 
 `` on the internet . '' 
 `` right , you 're always on that thing . 
 with all that trading in tokyo you do . '' 
 i force a smile . 
 it is 3:49 . 
 i have to wrap this up before i pass out in front of this lady or at least before any more of my stupid lies -- which i was n't even sure why i was telling -- start to pile any higher . 
 `` you see anything , anybody walking around or anything ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i was pretty busy two nights ago , did n't even look out the window . '' 
 `` who said anything about two nights ago ? '' 
 her eyebrows furrow . 
 `` oh , i thought i read that she was killed two nights ago ? 
 was she not ? '' 
 i stammer . 
 `` was she killed last night ? '' 
 she stares at me for a couple seconds . 
 `` not sure . 
 coroner still trying to figure that one out . '' 
 `` well , i did n't see anything last night either . '' 
 `` what about three nights ago . 
 you see anything suspicious three nights ago ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` you know her ? '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` the girl from across the street . 
 you know her ? 
 ever meet her ? 
 ever take her out for coffee ? '' 
 `` no . 
 never met her . '' 
 she nods . 
 stands . 
 `` well , if you hear anything , or remember anything , give me a call . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 my phone rings . 
 change that , a phone rings . 
 not mine . 
 my cell phone is set to the standard ba-ring . 
 this ring is set to chimes . 
 `` you gon na get that ? '' 
 she asks , nodding towards the couch where my sweat pants and hoodie from the previous night are strewn . 
 `` naw , probably not important . '' 
 `` you get a lot of unimportant calls at four in the morning ? '' 
 remember how i 'd had a feeling i 'd forgotten something ? 
 something important . 
 well , i had . 
 i try to keep a straight face as i realize the phone ringing is the dead woman 's . 
 i 'd forgotten to put it back under the car because i 'd been overcome by the smell . 
 and doubly stupid , i 'd left the phone in the pocket of my sweat pants . 
 `` tons , '' i reply to her question . 
 `` how many cell phones do you have ? '' 
 `` just the one . '' 
 she opens the door , then pulls her cell phone from her pocket and hits a couple buttons . 
 my cell phone , the one in my pocket , ba-ring , ba-rings . 
 she ends the call with a grin . 
 `` i 'll be in touch mr. bins . '' 
 and then she 's gone . 
 i look down at lassie . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 he did n't know either . 
 ~ four ~ i wake up on the couch with the cell phone in my hand . 
 the last thing i remember is pulling the phone from the pocket of my sweatpants and seeing that it is 4:00 . 
 i 'd attempted to find a decent sleeping position , but had failed . 
 miserably . 
 i 'd slept with my feet up on the sofa and everything else corkscrewing onto the floor . 
 i can feel the pattern of the carpet on my cheek and know i look like someone has branded my face with a cheese grater . 
 i 'm not sure where lassie slept , but as i roll over onto my back , he appears on my chest and begins licking my forehead . 
 `` hey , cut that out , '' i say , although i kind of enjoy it . 
 pushing lassie off , i stagger to my feet and realize just how angry my spine is -lrb- which i 'm pretty sure is now shaped like a double helix . -rrb- 
 after a five-minute shower -- a minute longer than i ever allow -- i can stand up relatively straight . 
 opening the fridge , i decide i ca n't stomach another sandwich and grab a yogurt and a piece of banana bread . 
 lassie splits both with me . 
 i pick up my phone to text my dad and see i have three missed calls . 
 all are from the same number . 
 detective ray . 
 based on my performance from the night before , i 'm guessing while i might not be a suspect in the woman 's murder , i am at least a person of interest . 
 i look at the pink samsung on the counter . 
 how could i have been so stupid ? 
 how had i forgotten to put the phone back under the car ? 
 but to my credit , had i stayed in the garage a single moment longer , i would have left some very acidic chunks of henry bins behind . 
 i 'm not sure what course of action i 'm willing to take with the detective . 
 i could n't give her the phone without her knowing that i had been inside the house . 
 and without the phone , they may never be able to connect the woman to connor sullivan . 
 conundrum . 
 check . 
 i decide my best bet is to write an anonymous letter and mail it , along with the cell phone , to the alexandria police department . 
 but first , i need to go for a run . 
 the time is 3:22 a.m. lassie is pawing at the front door as i pull the beanie down over my ears . 
 `` what do you want buddy ? 
 you want to go outside ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` promise to come back . '' 
 meow . 
 i open the door and he darts out . 
 the corpse of the woman continuously creeps into my thoughts as i run , but each time i am able to ward it off with a tight squeeze of my eyes and a gaze up at the starry sky . 
 this is my time . 
 not hers . 
 after two miles , the muscles in my back start to relax and it no longer hurts each time i inhale . 
 as i head back , a shadow darts out from behind a tree and into my path . 
 `` ahhh , '' i scream . 
 under the streetlight i can see him smiling . 
 once i get my heart rate back under 200 , i say , `` have you been waiting there all this time just to jump out and scare me ? '' 
 meow . 
 i make a scary face and claw the air at him . 
 he claws back . 
 best friends . 
 `` come on , let 's go . '' 
 i start running and he falls in next to me , gliding along silently . 
 as we take the steps up to my third story condo , i 'm startled to see two people walking away from my door . 
 detective ray is wearing a brown jacket and her hair is down . 
 it is longer than i would have thought , cascading down well past her shoulders . 
 she reminds me of rené russo from the thomas crown affair . 
 -lrb- it is my dad 's favorite movie and one of just twelve i 've seen . 
 i 'd watched the original and the remake over the course of a month . 
 i prefer the original but i also prefer to see rené russo naked . -rrb- 
 the gentleman with ray is twice her age and three times her size . 
 his head is shaved bald and he has a perfectly trimmed goatee circumventing nearly invisible lips . 
 he is more muscle than fat , but barely , and he wears his men 's wearhouse attire smartly . 
 `` he always come running with you ? '' 
 asks ray , bending down on her haunches to pet the approaching lassie . 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 she nods her head upwards and says , `` this is my partner , cal . '' 
 i nod my acknowledgement and step past them . 
 `` we have some questions for you , '' barks cal , the words aimed at my back . 
 `` then i shall answer them , '' i say bending down to untie the key from my shoelaces . 
 `` i could do something later this week . '' 
 `` how about right now ? '' 
 i look down at my cellphone . 
 it is 3:48 . 
 `` why are you always checking the time ? '' 
 i glance up at ray with raised eyebrows . 
 `` last night , i must have seen you check the time on your phone eight , nine times . '' 
 was she counting ? 
 i squint at her , but say nothing . 
 `` what 's one minute to the next at three in the morning ? '' 
 those minutes are my life , i nearly scream . 
 those minutes that you take so much for granted because you get a thousand of them each day are priceless to me . 
 your life is measured by title , wealth , and status . 
 my life is measured in grains of sand , trickling from one teardrop to the other . 
 my nostrils flare when i 'm angry and i wonder if ray feels a small gust of wind . 
 taking a calming breath , i ponder telling her that i 'm henry bins and i have henry bins . 
 i do n't . 
 `` i 've always just been a little ocd like that . 
 we all have our quirks , am i right ? 
 what 's yours cal ? '' 
 i 'm guessing it 's his goatee . 
 it is too perfect . 
 rulers , levels , and protractors have been consulted in its creation . 
 he is n't amused . 
 i put the key in the lock , twist and pull . 
 i ease the door open four inches and lassie darts through . 
 with a puff of my cheeks , i say , `` i ca n't really do this right now . 
 how bout tomorrow . 
 say 3:15 ? '' 
 i do n't wait for a response , though i 'm fearing if there is one , it will be , `` we have a warrant . '' 
 a response does eventually come . 
 `` callie freig . '' 
 i 'm dazed . 
 not because the name means anything to me , it 's just a name , a woman 's name , indistinguishable among any of the seven billion on this planet . 
 but because she has been humanized . 
 as in birth a fat , crying , pink baby becomes jake or molly , the woman in death had become callie . 
 the two detectives use my second of stunned silence to move past me . 
 i sidestep them and knowing they are too far in to forcibly remove them , i retreat two steps . 
 the phone -- callie freig 's phone -- is on the table next to the laptop . 
 `` hey , can you guys take your shoes off ? '' 
 not an unreasonable request and both lean down to comply . 
 the kitchen table is ten carpeted steps away , but it would look odd if i did n't also remove my shoes . 
 `` just set them outside . '' 
 slightly more unreasonable , but my only chance . 
 in the split second it takes for both to toss their shoes outside , i flick the beanie . 
 it flips end over end , hits my laptop , then falls . 
 `` what ? '' 
 ray asks , cutting her eyes at me . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i 'm just an amazing beanie tosser is all . 
 flipping my shoes next to the door , i say , `` so , who is callie freig ? '' 
 ~ f : ve ~ `` callie freig is the girl you 've been watching out your window for the past three months , '' cal bellows . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` sorry , buddy , but i 've never seen her before . '' 
 i had , just not while she was alive . 
 `` you 've never seen a woman who has lived across the street from you for three months ? '' 
 asks ray . 
 `` she 's only lived there three months ? '' 
 both ray and cal look confused by my question and i ca n't blame them . 
 the woman could have lived there for the past six years and i might never have seen her . 
 `` i never saw her , '' i repeat . 
 `` what about the clemens , '' asks cal . 
 `` have you seen them ? '' 
 `` who are the clemens ? '' 
 `` the people that own the house . 
 the people that have lived there for the last ten years . '' 
 `` oh , the clemens -- '' i pause , `` nope , not ringing any bells . '' 
 `` how long have you lived here ? '' 
 asks ray . 
 `` what did it say on my lease ? '' 
 she glares at me . 
 `` seven years . '' 
 `` that 's correct . '' 
 `` and you 've never seen the people that live in the house directly across from your window ? '' 
 barks cal . 
 `` i 'm not awake during the day very often , i 'm sort of a night owl . 
 if you have n't realized we are having this conversation at four in the morning . '' 
 well , 3:54 . 
 if it was 4:00 , he would be having a conversation with the linoleum . 
 the two detectives take this in and i ask , `` so who is callie freig ? '' 
 cal squints his distaste at the role reversal . 
 ray takes a deep breath and says , `` twenty-four year old female . 
 has been renting the house from the clemens -- who spend half the year in florida -- for the past three months . 
 craigslist post . 
 fifteen hundred bucks a month . 
 steep , but they gave her a good deal . 
 no facebook . 
 no instagram . 
 very little credit history . 
 no next of kin . 
 parents unknown . '' 
 i 'm left trying to synthesize all this information , pondering how and when she met the president of the united states , when ray asks me for a glass of water . 
 i nod at the kitchen and say help yourself . 
 a cupboard opens and shuts and she asks , `` where ? '' 
 i walk into the kitchen . 
 `` funny thing , '' cal says behind me . 
 `` we never did find callie freig 's cell phone . 
 and even funnier thing , last night , my partner said she heard two phones ringing , after you -- and this is the funniest part -- after you said you only had the one . '' 
 i pull a glass from the cupboard , fill it with water , and hand it to ray . 
 `` and you think i stole her phone , '' i say , trying to buy myself some time . 
 cal grins . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 i head to the bedroom . 
 it is 3:57 when i exit the bedroom . 
 i have three minutes to get them out . 
 three minutes to convince them that i did n't kill callie freig . 
 i hold out my hand to ray . 
 `` i still use it as an alarm . 
 check it . '' 
 she takes the original iphone from me and clicks on the alarm clock . 
 it is set to 3:55 a.m. . 
 she hits it and chimes play . 
 it is n't exactly the same as the ring on callie 's phone , but it is a close enough approximation . 
 `` why do you have an alarm set for 3:55 a.m. ? '' 
 scoffs cal . 
 `` tokyo markets close at 4:00 a.m. i set the alarm so i can remember to get my last trades in . '' 
 i have no idea what time the tokyo markets close , but as tokyo is on the other side of the globe , it seems rational . 
 `` why not use the alarm clock on your new phone ? '' 
 asks ray . 
 `` uh -- '' i stall . 
 `` i made a lot of money while i had that phone . 
 good luck charm i guess . '' 
 it is 3:58 . 
 `` speaking of , i have to make a last minute trade . 
 thanks for stopping by . '' 
 the two reluctantly head towards the door . 
 `` oh , another thing , '' remarks ray . 
 `` we found a bunch of cat food across the street , but , well , no cat . '' 
 i look at lassie sitting on one of the chairs at the table , curled in a ball . 
 `` and , while i was looking at that lease of yours , i happened to notice there was no mention of a pet . '' 
 `` just trying to save fifty bucks a month , '' i say with a smile . 
 `` really , '' says cal . 
 `` with all that money you made with that lucky phone , you 're worried about fifty bucks . '' 
 i glare at him . 
 take a deep breath . 
 `` lassie . '' 
 he jumps off the chair and sits at my feet . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 please work . 
 please work . 
 `` lie down . '' 
 he lies down on his belly and wags his tail . 
 `` roll over . '' 
 he rolls onto his back . 
 `` play dead . '' 
 he extends his legs , closes his eyes , and i swear he sticks his tongue out the side of his mouth . 
 `` do a backflip , '' i say , knowing i 'm pushing my luck . 
 lassie does n't do anything and i look up at the two detectives -- cal whose eyebrows are scrunched and ray whose mouth is slightly agape -- and say , `` we 're still working on that one . '' 
 i open the door and the two detectives grab their shoes and leave . 
 it is only when lassie and i are lying in bed , when i realize my mistake and jump up . 
 the glass detective ray was drinking out of . 
 it 's gone . 
 and my fingerprints with it . 
 ~ s : x ~ i expect to wake up in jail . 
 i do n't . 
 and when i still have n't heard a knock on the door at 3:25 a.m. , i decide that one of three things has occurred : 1 -rrb- it takes longer than twenty-four hours to match up fingerprints . 
 2 -rrb- i had n't left any fingerprints -lrb- which is a possibility as i had been very conscious of this and had tucked my hands into my sleeves . -rrb- 
 or 3 -rrb- there had been a break in the case and even though they had matched my prints to those found at the scene , it did n't matter , because now they had their eyes set on the most powerful man in the world . 
 but according to the internet , the president was meeting with last year 's nfl champions , the denver broncos , at the white house . 
 he was n't being accused of murder . 
 so that left 1 -rrb- or 2 -rrb- . 
 `` shall we go for a run buddy ? '' 
 meow . 
 lassie scampers behind me for about a mile , then disappears . 
 i 'm just starting to loosen up when a car turns onto the street . 
 i have n't seen a car on the road since the ford focus , the one driven by the connor sullivan en route to strangle callie freig . 
 the car is a crown vic . 
 it pulls to the side of the road ten feet in front of me . 
 i pull out my ear buds and stop . 
 ray steps from the passenger side and says , `` we need you to come with us . '' 
 cal clamors from the driver side and pulls open the back door . 
 `` now , '' he says . 
 i climb into the back seat . 
 they both get back in and we drive away . 
 it is 3:33 a.m. ... `` did you ever go into the house across the street ? '' 
 i 'm sitting across from cal . 
 ray is leaning against the wall , parallel with the steel table . 
 `` no . '' 
 i 'm guessing that they 're bluffing . 
 if they had my prints i would have been arrested . 
 instead , i am in interview room b having a voluntary -- which did n't feel very voluntary -- chat . 
 `` so you never went inside the house ? '' 
 `` never . '' 
 `` not once ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` never was invited in , never had a sandwich , never opened the refrigerator ? '' 
 my stomach tightens . 
 `` no . 
 never . '' 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 cell phones are n't allowed in `` voluntary '' interviews . 
 i would get it back , i was reassured by the lady who took it . 
 it had been 3:43 when i 'd signed the form and handed it over . 
 that had been more than five minutes ago . 
 the door opens and a cop walks in . 
 hands ray a piece of paper , who in turn hands it to cal . 
 cal 's goatee stretches wide . 
 `` well , well , well . '' 
 i lean forward . 
 they had been bluffing . 
 tey had n't gotten the results back yet . 
 apparently it takes exactly twenty-four hours to match fingerprints . 
 `` guess whose prints are all over that house ? '' 
 shit . 
 `` a partial on the hood of the car . 
 a partial on the tire of the car . 
 a partial on the handle to the refrigerator . 
 a full on the closet door in the guest bedroom . 
 a full on the sliding glass door . '' 
 `` how did you get my prints ? '' 
 `` were you not listening ? 
 they were all over the house . '' 
 `` yes , i was listening , '' i grunt . 
 `` how did you get my prints , the ones you matched those to ? 
 i 've never been arrested . 
 i have nothing on file . '' 
 i glance at ray . 
 `` if by chance you took my prints off a cup that you illegally stole from my house , you 'd better believe that wo n't hold up in court . '' 
 `` of course that would n't hold up in court . '' 
 cal laughs . 
 `` we got your prints off your cell phone . 
 you know that form you signed that you did n't read . '' 
 crap . 
 `` so i 'm gon na ask again , have you ever been inside the house before ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` were you in the house three nights ago ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 but she was n't murdered three nights ago . 
 she was murdered four nights ago . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` because i heard her scream . '' 
 ... `` connor sullivan ? '' 
 scoffs cal . 
 `` as in the president of the united states ? '' 
 i nod . 
 he looks at ray . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` i swear , i heard a loud scream and then a minute later a man walked out the front door and directly underneath the streetlamp . 
 it was connor sullivan . '' 
 `` getting into , what did you say , a ford focus ? '' 
 ray says chuckling . 
 i nod . 
 `` where 's his secret service ? 
 how would he get out of the white house ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 ask him . '' 
 `` why did you kill her ? '' 
 asks cal . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` why -- did -- you -- kill -- callie freig ? '' 
 `` i did n't . 
 i 'd never seen her before , until i went over there that night . 
 seriously . '' 
 `` yeah , you said that before . 
 and guess what , i did n't believe you the first time . 
 your window looks out on her house . 
 you never go to check the weather and see her walking to her car . 
 bullshit . 
 you were in love with her . 
 watched her every chance you got . 
 then one night you go over there and strangle the shit out of her . '' 
 `` i have henry bins . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you are henry bins , '' quips ray . 
 `` yes and i have henry bins . 
 it 's a sleeping disorder . 
 i 'm only awake for an hour a night . 
 from 3 a.m. to 4 a.m. '' both shake their heads like parkinson 's patients . 
 and here i was , the one with the condition . 
 `` google it . '' 
 i look up at ray . 
 `` seriously , google it . 
 or you can just wait and watch what happens to me in what i 'm guessing is probably four minutes . '' 
 `` and what happens in four minutes asshole ? '' 
 asks cal . 
 `` my body will crumple like jfk and i will basically be in a coma for twenty-three hours . 
 then i will wake up at 3 a.m. , be awake for an hour , then repeat . '' 
 he pushes back from the table , his laughter so riotous . 
 `` well , if that is n't the biggest load of shit i 've ever heard . 
 are you getting this ingrid ? 
 are you listening to this shit ? '' 
 i stand up . 
 `` that 's why my prints are on the closet in the guest bedroom , i had to find somewhere to sleep . 
 i got stuck under the car trying to get her phone out and i did n't have time to make it back across the street . '' 
 `` you mean the cell phone you threw in a dumpster three blocks away ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` yeah , idiot , you busted it up , but it still logged its last known gps . 
 took two hours going through some trash , but we found it . '' 
 my brain is whirring . 
 i lean against the wall . 
 ray has been quiet for the last minute and i see her fiddling with her phone . 
 `` um , cal , you might want to come read this . 
 i think this henry bins thing might actually be -- '' ~ seven ~ my head is pounding . 
 i lift my right arm up and touch it to my scalp . 
 i can feel a clump of hair missing and a patch of gauze in its place . 
 i lift my left arm to assist in the damage assessment , but am met with the clink of restraint . 
 i open my eyes . 
 my left arm is handcuffed to the hospital bed . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 asks a familiar voice . 
 `` did you rob a twenty-four-hour bank ? '' 
 sara is a japanese-american , a nurse at alexandria municipal hospital , and an ex-girlfriend . 
 we 'd started dating after my 3rd concussion . 
 she worked the 6 p.m. to 3 a.m. shift , so she would just scoot over after work and hang out until my hour was up . 
 it was fun and casual for six months , but like the others before her , she realized seeing me for half an hour three days a week just was n't enough . 
 after four failed relationships , i realized the only thing worse than having henry bins , was falling in love with henry bins . 
 luckily , we 'd been able to remain friends . 
 `` nope . 
 murder . '' 
 she laughs and says , `` well the good news is , no concussion , the bad news is , thirteen stitches . '' 
 `` that puts me over a hundred . 
 is my next set free ? '' 
 `` i 'll see what i can do , '' she laughs , then as if i 'd hit the refresh button , her smile fades and she says , `` i have to alert the officers that you 're awake . '' 
 i nod . 
 she squeezes my calf and disappears behind the curtain . 
 ray and cal walk through . 
 i pull my arm up , clinking the cuffs , and say , `` does this mean i 'm under arrest ? '' 
 cal does n't hesitate and mirandizes me . 
 when he 's done , i say , `` let me get this straight , you obviously read up on henry bins , you watched me fall at exactly four and crack my skull open , and i 'm sure you 've checked with the nurses here and know that i 'm no stranger to the emergency room . '' 
 ray nods . 
 `` so you believe i have this condition and yet you also believe that in this slim window i get , this hour , that i killed callie freig . '' 
 `` does n't change the fact that the window of opportunity is still there , you easily could have killed her within that one hour , '' says ray . 
 `` your prints are all over the place , including the car that her body is found on , not to mention that every single thing you 've said , except for this stupid sleeping disorder , has been lies . '' 
 my mind is racing . 
 `` i need to make a call . '' 
 `` lawyering up already , '' snorts cal . 
 `` actually my dad probably thinks i 'm dead , so i 'd like to call him . '' 
 ray hands me her phone . 
 i raise my eyebrows and both the detectives leave . 
 my dad is frantic when he answers . 
 it was our card night and finding that i was n't there , he called my phone . 
 when i had n't answered , he 'd started towards the hospital . 
 `` turn around and go back to my house . '' 
 i tell him what to do once he gets there . 
 before i hang up , i ask if he saw a cat prowling around outside my apartment . 
 he had n't . 
 ... the nurse -- not sara , though she 'd come to say goodbye when her shift ended -- is changing the dressings on my head when my dad shows up . 
 the best word to describe my father is frumpy . 
 he wears slacks too short and too high on his waist . 
 sweaters that should have been given to the salvation army decades earlier . 
 glasses that could fry a caterpillar in seconds . 
 he has a full head of curly gray hair and three days ' worth of stubble on his chin . 
 i introduce him to cal and ray , both of whom have taken seats , waiting for what i 've told them is concrete proof of my innocence . 
 `` do you have it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he reaches into his coat pocket and pulls out the pink samsung . 
 i take it from him . 
 it 's dead , the batteries having run out . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 asks ray . 
 holding the phone up with my right hand , i say , `` it 's the phone i found under the car , the phone i can assure you i was not lying about . '' 
 `` but we found callie freig 's phone , '' spits cal . 
 `` maybe she had two , '' ray says with a shrug . 
 i lower it out of his reach and said , `` it 's not callie 's phone . '' 
 `` then whose is it ? '' 
 asks ray . 
 `` it 's the president 's . '' 
 ... `` the president ? 
 as in the president of the united states ? '' 
 asks my father . 
 `` yep . '' 
 cal is laughing . 
 doubled over . 
 he composes and says , `` that 's your proof . '' 
 i hand the phone to ray . 
 `` it 's his . '' 
 `` is the president even allowed to have a cell phone ? '' 
 she asks , taking it . 
 `` of course not , '' cal manages . 
 `` actually , he can , and he does . '' 
 both cal and ray stare at my father . 
 he continues , `` obama was so adamant that he be able to keep his blackberry that they made a special stipulation that he could keep it . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i found myself asking . 
 i 'd hoped this was the case , but i was still surprised . 
 `` of course they had to make some considerations to national security . 
 encryption and they disabled the gps so no one could track him . 
 but he was able to keep it and connor sullivan was allowed to keep his . '' 
 `` but it 's pink , '' shouted cal . 
 `` and why are we even having this conversation . 
 this is not the president of the united states ' cell phone . '' 
 `` the phone is white , the casing is pink , '' i say . 
 `` and it 's not just any pink casing , look closer . '' 
 ray turns the phone over in her hand . 
 `` it 's got a ribbon embossed on the back . 
 it 's a susan g. komen casing . '' 
 `` the first lady , '' remarks my dad . 
 the first lady had been diagnosed with breast cancer two years earlier . 
 they caught it early and it 'd gone into remission . 
 cal was silent . 
 ray hits the button for the nurse and when one comes a moment later , ray asks , `` does anyone have a samsung charger here ? '' 
 `` deb would , '' the nurse responds and returns a moment later with deb 's charger . 
 ray plugs it in and it takes ten seconds for the phone to come alive . 
 `` it 's locked , '' she says , showing everyone . 
 `` the washington monument , '' remarks my father . 
 `` what ? '' 
 asks cal . 
 `` the lock screen . 
 the picture in the background , it 's the washington monument . '' 
 the monument was only six miles from my house and i 'd assumed that callie had loved it and taken a picture of it . 
 now i was hoping that it had a special place in connor sullivan 's heart . 
 i look at my dad . 
 he shakes his head . 
 he knows plenty about the president , but the monument does n't trigger any tidings . 
 `` what use is it to us if it 's locked , '' says cal . 
 `` let 's get it down to the precinct and get one of our resident nerds to crack it open . 
 the faster we get it open , the faster we find out this phone is n't the fucking president 's . '' 
 `` how many numbers ? '' 
 asks my dad . 
 `` four , '' responds ray . 
 my father mulls . 
 when he mulls his lips move back and forth . 
 mull . 
 mull . 
 mull . 
 `` try thirteen , forty-four . '' 
 ray punches them in and my dad explains , `` thirteen was his number when he played basketball at dayton . 
 forty-four because he 's the forty-fourth president . '' 
 ray shakes her head . 
 `` switch 'em , '' i say . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` forty-four , thirteen . '' 
 `` four-four-one-three , '' she says aloud . 
 pause . 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 cal rips the phone from her hand , looks at the screen , and then hands it back to her silently . 
 she shows it to both me and my father . 
 the washington monument has dissolved into the home screen . 
 the picture is of the president spread eagle on the eagle carpet that centers the oval office . 
 a picture that would have been infamous had it ever been leaked . 
 `` look at this , '' ray says , reading through his contact list . 
 `` the vice president , the treasurer , supreme court justice billings , the head of the cia . '' 
 ray shoves the phone in cal 's face and says , `` look at this picture . 
 it 's the president taking a selfy ... and here 's one of his dog ... holy shit . '' 
 she looks at me . 
 `` you were telling the truth . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` now will you get these cuffs off me so i can go home . '' 
 cal nods at ray and she unlocks the cuffs . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 ~ e : ght ~ lassie is licking my face . 
 only it is n't lassie . 
 it 's my dad 's one-hundred and sixty-pound english mastiff . 
 murdock . 
 not only has murdock been licking my face for god knows how long , he 'd slept on my legs , and i am paralyzed from the waist down . 
 ca n't i go just one night without waking up feeling like i 've been tackled by ray lewis . 
 by the time i get murdock off me , get my legs to work , clean my face , change the dressing on my stitches , and join my dad at the kitchen table , it is 3:06 a.m. `` why are you walking like that ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` your dumb dog slept on my legs . '' 
 he laughs . 
 murdock comes trotting in and buries his face in my dad 's lap . 
 `` you 're not dumb , '' my dad tells him . 
 he 's not dumb . 
 to be dumb , he would have to be much smarter . 
 i open the fridge and see that isabel has made a fresh round of sandwiches . 
 rubens . 
 my favorite . 
 i grab two and a strawberry protein shake and set them on the table where my dad is shuffling the cards . 
 i grab a can of tuna , open it , and set it outside the door . 
 just in case . 
 i dive into the sandwiches and flip up my laptop . 
 my dad deals the cards . 
 `` nothing in the news about the president being arrested , if that 's what you 're wondering , '' he says . 
 i close the laptop and set it on the ground . 
 `` how much do you know ? '' 
 `` after you fell asleep , the lady detective told me most everything . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` she 's not bad looking . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` no , she is not . '' 
 he 's waiting for me to discard , but i also know he wants to hear my version of the story . 
 i oblige him with a six of clubs and an animated narrative . 
 `` and you took the cat ? '' 
 he says with belly laugh . 
 `` you hate cats . '' 
 `` i could n't leave him there . 
 and he thinks he 's a dog , so he 's not too bad . '' 
 i give my dad a hug at 3:58 and let murdock lick my face goodbye . 
 i have my first peaceful sleep in a week . 
 ... it 's 3:08 a.m. when i pick up the phone and dial ray . 
 she answers , then says , `` he says that he lost the phone two days earlier . '' 
 `` and you believe him ? '' 
 i shout into the phone . 
 `` there is an official report filed , '' responds ray . 
 `` i have a friend in the white house who faxed it to me . '' 
 `` could it have been doctored ? '' 
 `` i do n't see why not ? 
 but proving it would be hell . '' 
 `` well , did you at least get the president 's fingerprints off the phone ? '' 
 `` nope , he must have wiped it . 
 and we did n't find his fingerprints in the house . '' 
 i blew out a long exhale . 
 `` what about the car ? 
 did you check the stoplight cams or atm cams for the ford focus ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 nothing . '' 
 `` so where does that leave us ? '' 
 `` us ? '' 
 `` you ? 
 where does that leave you ? '' 
 `` well , we ca n't do anything without rock solid evidence and the phone is n't enough . 
 in fact , the secret service already came by and got it . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` and they had a quick conversation with my captain , who then tore me a new asshole for using my back channel at the white house and warned me the only way we would ever go after the president is if there were a video of him strangling the girl and even then we probably would n't do shit . '' 
 `` what about cal ? 
 he did n't back you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i wait for her to expand on this . 
 she does n't . 
 `` so he just gets away with it ? '' 
 `` the only thing tying him to the scene is you and the phone , but the phone is no longer in our possession . '' 
 `` there has to be a connection somewhere . 
 you sure callie freig never worked at the white house ? '' 
 `` she graduated from ohio state in the winter , then moved out here four months ago . 
 she might have met the president in ohio somewhere , but we 'd never be able to prove it . '' 
 `` what about friends and family ? 
 ask them . '' 
 `` no family to speak of . 
 as far as friends , we ca n't locate any . '' 
 `` but you have her cell phone records . '' 
 `` sure do . 
 she called and received calls from all of one number . 
 and that number is now disconnected ? '' 
 `` that 's odd . '' 
 `` very . 
 this could easily be how she communicated with the president , but the cell company could n't get a report on the number . 
 and we 'd need a warrant to dig any deeper and since my ass is still stinging , i 'm not doing anything that could come back on me . '' 
 `` so it 's done . 
 the president gets away with murder . '' 
 `` for now . '' 
 she pauses . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i hang up . 
 three minutes later , my feet are pounding the cold alexandria asphalt . 
 i dig a moat around my mind , fill it with alligators , and place a thousand archers on the turrets of my cerebrum , but i am unable to defend my thoughts . 
 they are dominated by connor sullivan , callie freig , and the white noise of injustice . 
 i do not have a temper . 
 i do n't have time for anger . 
 but my insides are engulfed in blue flames . 
 the car pulls to the curb . 
 doors open . 
 men jump out . 
 i cut left into an alley . 
 i think about what ray said , the only thing tying him to the scene is you and the phone , but the phone is no longer in our possession . 
 i am the only connection . 
 if i 'm dead . 
 no connection . 
 my pursuers are ten strides behind me . 
 i run a quarter mile , knock over two trashcans and exit the alley . 
 headlights flash at me . 
 i cut right and sprint three blocks , then take a left onto a side street that leads to the potomac . 
 i can feel the headlights on my back , singeing as they grow closer and closer . 
 i can hear the river . 
 i hit the concrete embankment and turn . 
 both cars have skidded to a halt . 
 the doors fly open and four men leap out . 
 i gaze down at the moving water twenty feet below . 
 and jump . 
 the water is cold . 
 but i 'm not in it . 
 i am in a large drainage pipe that opens into the potomac . 
 gross , i know . 
 the pipe is impossible to see from the high embankment and i only know it 's there because i 'd jumped in the river once on a self-dare and crawled out just below it . 
 it is roughly four feet high and i crouch down and wait . 
 i check my phone . 
 3:46 a.m. two minutes later , i hear wheels squeal on the asphalt . 
 i wait another minute , then climb out and scale the embankment . 
 my pursuers are gone . 
 i have dual concerns as i start sprinting back ; can i make the two and a half mile trek in time ? 
 and are those dickheads still out there looking for me ? 
 the constant head turning and the many times i stop to hide , decimate my time . 
 with a mile left , i have four minutes . 
 and since i 'm not usain bolt , i 'm screwed . 
 the hunt begins . 
 where can i sleep for twenty-three hours without being discovered ? 
 there is only one logical answer . 
 i shine my cell phone into the dumpster behind the italian restaurant . 
 it is two-thirds full and i 'm hoping this means the pick-up is still a couple days off . 
 i climb inside , dig myself down into the slimy refuse , cover myself in as many bags as i can , and close my eyes . 
 ~ n : ne ~ every once in a great while , i will wake up a couple minutes early . 
 2:59 . 
 2:58 . 
 once , even 2:57 . 
 it 's like christmas , each minute a beautifully wrapped gift just waiting to be opened . 
 should i allow myself an extra minute in the shower ? 
 could i read three more pages of my book ? 
 run another quarter mile ? 
 watch a youtube video ? 
 watch the swimming pool scene from wild things , twice ? 
 today , i wake up at 2:58 a.m. two extra minutes . 
 it requires one of these minutes to pull myself from the now three-quarters full dumpster . 
 and it necessitates another minute to rid my hair and body of the potpourri of spaghetti , breadcrumbs , day old lasagna , and maggots . 
 as unpleasant as maggots are , and they are unpleasant -- trust me on this -- i try to look on the bright side ; i was n't killed by those pesky guys trying to kill me , and i was n't discovered by an underpaid busser who called 911 , and i was n't at a landfill . 
 all things considered , i called myself lucky . 
 and quite honestly , i 'd slept well . 
 day old lasagna is like memory foam . 
 i take the back way to my condo , which adds two blocks , but i do n't want to risk the goons patrolling the street in front of my condo , and when i walk through the door , it is 3:06 . 
 i check the blinds , but do n't see any suspicious cars on the street . 
 as for the goons , i was n't sure if it was a hit squad , or the secret service , or some angry congressman , but i knew i had n't seen the last of them . 
 i latch the security lock on my door , throw my clothes in a garbage bag , and shower . 
 when i sit down to the computer , it is 3:17 a.m. . 
 there is no breaking news about the president being arrested and i concede that he 's gotten away with murder . 
 and that i should let him . 
 if i want to remain alive . 
 i check my stocks , which have been crippled over the last couple days -- i 'd lost about 40k -- and i decide to ride out the storm with a couple of them and sell off the remainder . 
 i try to watch game of thrones , but i ca n't remember what has happened in the previous episodes and i feel lost . 
 what happened to the kingslayer 's hand ? 
 although it had been nearly twenty-four hours since my harrowing chase and physically my body had recovered from the fight or flight-endorphin release , my brain had not . 
 i feel sluggish , my synapses delayed and unresponsive . 
 at 3:42 , i give up and lay down on my bed . 
 for the first time i can ever remember , i fall asleep on my own . 
 ... the next few days pass in relative monotony . 
 i have made a couple small tweaks , as i have decided never to venture outside again , and i run on my new treadmill that i 'd had overnighted and delivered -lrb- the days of leaving my door unlocked are in the past and i had isabel meet the delivery people and let them in . -rrb- 
 anyhow , the treadmill is the latest and greatest and there is a screen that shows where you are running . 
 you can run the appalachian trail , the streets of boston , the beaches of san diego , or even the nearby potomac . 
 i mean , who needs to go outside , am i right ? 
 it 's my fifth day on the treadmill , and i opt for a little run down the streets of d.c. . 
 the white house looms in the background and i flip it off . 
 i 've run 2.43 miles when i hear a noise . 
 i jerk my head towards the door , my eyes scanning to see if the regular security lock , and the ideal security heavy duty lock i 'd had installed are both latched . 
 they are . 
 i continue running . 
 at 2.51 miles , i hear it again . 
 i jump off the treadmill and tiptoe to the door and gaze through the peep-hole . 
 nothing . 
 was i hearing things ? 
 two steps back towards the treadmill and i hear it again . 
 i again press my eye to the peep-hole . 
 again , nothing . 
 i unlatch both locks and gently ease the door open . 
 meow . 
 `` lasssssssssssssie ! '' 
 he jumps into my arms . 
 i hold him up high , my cheeks cramping i 'm smiling so hard . 
 `` budddy ! 
 ... where did you g -- dude ! 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 lassie is a bloody mess . 
 he has a huge cut on his belly , a bite out of his ear , and one of his eyes is swollen shut . 
 i swear he is smirking as if to say , `` you should see the other five guys . '' 
 i set him on the table and go to work on him with a warm cloth . 
 he winces as i touch him , but altogether he 's a pretty good sport . 
 i 'd been so happy to see him and so overwhelmed by his many cuts that i 'd failed to notice he smelled something awful . 
 `` dude , did you pick a fight with a skunk ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` what are these ? '' 
 i pull out two spines from his butt . 
 porcupine spikes . 
 `` dude , did you pick a fight with a skunk and a porcupine . '' 
 meow . 
 i am laughing uncontrollably and hug him tight . 
 he winces . 
 `` sorry , buddy . '' 
 i feed him a can of tuna , then i give him a bath in the sink . 
 i gently rinse all the dried blood off him . 
 he is having trouble keeping his eyes open . 
 `` i 've been there buddy . 
 trust me . '' 
 i carry him to bed and rub his little body until he falls asleep . 
 ... `` lassie ... lassie ! '' 
 his eyes flutter , but he does n't move . 
 it 's 3:03 a.m. i gingerly roll him over . 
 the cut on his belly is red and swollen . 
 i touch it with my finger and he yelps . 
 shit . 
 `` dude ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 he 's not . 
 my heart starts racing . 
 `` i 'm sorry buddy . 
 we 'll get you fixed . '' 
 meow . 
 my eyes are filling with tears and i wipe them away . 
 he 's just a stupid cat , i tell myself . 
 i grab my phone and am about to search for an emergency vet , when i stop . 
 i 've actually seen the emergency vet before . 
 it 's adjacent to the park about a mile and a half away . 
 i do n't have a driver 's license , but i do have a little vespa that i use every so often . 
 i grab lassie and a backpack , then bolt out the front door . 
 it 's the first time i have left the sanctity of my apartment since the chase . 
 i scan the street . 
 it 's all clear . 
 i open the backpack and put lassie inside . 
 `` ten minutes buddy , '' i tell him . 
 i make it in seven . 
 lassie clings to my shoulder as i walk through the sliding glass doors of the alexandria vca emergency animal hospital . 
 there is no one else there and after filling out some paperwork , we see the doctor five minutes later . 
 it is 3:20 . 
 `` so , what seems to be the problem ? '' 
 the vet asks in an australian accent . 
 he has reddish blond hair , glasses , and tells me to call him james , or as he says it , jahms . 
 `` he was gone for about a week , came back all beat up last night . 
 i think he picked a fight with a skunk and a porcupine . '' 
 `` is that right ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` well let 's have a look-see shall we ? '' 
 lassie looks at me over his shoulder as the doctor begins his examination and i reassure him , `` it 's okay buddy . '' 
 the doctor flips him over and looks at the cut on his belly . 
 `` somebody really got you there did n't they ? '' 
 he gazes up at me and says , `` looks like he got pretty lucky actually , the skin on the belly is pretty soft , a little deeper and he could have done some real damage . '' 
 he presses on lassie 's belly and i expect him to wince , but he does n't . 
 but when the doctor touches a little higher on his ribs , he lets out a painful wail . 
 my stomach tightens . 
 i wait for the doctor to tell me that he is bleeding internally and will surely die . 
 but , after another minute of prodding , the doctor diagnoses some bruised ribs , nothing major . 
 he prescribes some pain meds and gives me a couple ointments to put on his cuts . 
 i blow a sigh of relief . 
 `` hear that buddy . 
 just some bruised ribs . '' 
 meow . 
 `` he should be back in action in a couple days . '' 
 `` thanks , doc . '' 
 i remember something from a week earlier when i 'd been petting lassie and ask , `` actually , while we 're here ... did you happen to feel that lump on his shoulder ? '' 
 he shakes his head and i guide his hand to a little lump behind lassie 's right shoulder . 
 i wait for the doctor to tell me it is obviously cancer . 
 `` microchip . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that 's his microchip . 
 sometimes they put it in behind the shoulder . '' 
 he saw my confusion and asked , `` you did n't have the microchip put in ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i found him on the street about a month ago . 
 no tags . '' 
 `` well , whoever owned the cat , had a microchip put in . 
 costs like fifty bucks , some places do it for free . '' 
 my mind is racing . 
 `` could you find out who he belongs to ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i mean , i should at least try and track them down . 
 right ? '' 
 `` sure thing . '' 
 he opens a drawer , unwinds a little scanner , and plugs it into his computer . 
 a moment later , he runs the scanner over lassie 's shoulder , like he is produce at the grocery store . 
 he writes the name , phone number , and address on the back of one of his business cards and hands it to me . 
 i read the name and try to keep a straight face . 
 ... it is 3:46 when we get back . 
 i put two of the tiny little pain pills inside a blueberry and feed it to lassie . 
 then i spread ointment on all his cuts and then carry him and my laptop to bed . 
 i pull out the card the vet gave me . 
 jessica renoix . 
 a richmond address . 
 i google , `` jessica renoix and connor sullivan . '' 
 there are several hits . 
 i click on images . 
 bingo . 
 there is a picture of jessica renoix and the then governor of virginia , connor sullivan . 
 jessica renoix is callie freig . 
 ~ ten ~ it 'd been a double homicide . 
 twelve nights ago , callie freig had been murdered . 
 but so had jessica renoix . 
 it is 3:07 a.m. lassie and i are back in my bed . 
 i 'd given him another round of pain medicine and he is on his back snoring . 
 the cut on his belly has improved dramatically and he 'd told me in face licks that he was feeling a little better . 
 i 've been staring at the picture of connor sullivan and jessica renoix for the past couple minutes . 
 under the picture of the two , a caption reads , `` campaign volunteer jessica renoix gets an arm-full of incumbent candidate , governor connor sullivan . '' 
 the photo must have been taken six years earlier during his final reelection campaign as governor of virginia . 
 in the photo , there are fifteen people clad in white t-shirts with the slogan , `` the man with the plan . '' 
 sullivan had been quoted ad nauseum on television saying , `` i 've got a plan ... '' during his bid for governor it had always been , `` i have a plan for this great state , '' which quickly became , `` i have a plan for this great nation , '' during his bid for president . 
 to his credit , he 'd had a plan , and he was delivering on all fronts . 
 the economy was the strongest it 'd been in eight years , unemployment the lowest in a decade , and every troop had been pulled from the middle east . 
 jessica renoix and the president are front and center . 
 jessica is petite and of medium height . 
 though she must have been barely out of high school , her confident eyes and wry smile speak to a girl who is not naive about the realities of the world . 
 the president is wearing a crisp blue shirt under a black blazer . 
 he towers over her , his right arm draped over her shoulder . 
 there is nothing overtly sexual about the pose and if anything , the contact appears fatherly . 
 i surmise that any of the other fifteen volunteers could just as easily been in jessica 's place . 
 i spend the rest of my forty-five minutes in bed , scouring the internet for more information on jessica renoix . 
 i find very little . 
 ... it 's ten minutes into my day , when i scroll down to ray 's telephone number and nearly hit the call button , then decide against it . 
 i want to know more about jessica renoix before i talk to the detective . 
 i log onto the internet and find a company that does background checks . 
 i fill in all the information i have on jessica renoix ; a six-year-old address and a long out-of-service telephone number , then pay the nearly two hundred dollars for the rush job . 
 `` well , now i guess we just wait , '' i say to lassie , who is lick-eating his breakfast . 
 in forty-eight hours , he has made a near full recovery . 
 meow . 
 `` you would think you would care more . 
 this is your mother we 're talking about . '' 
 meow . 
 `` yes , living with me is awesome , but still . '' 
 meow . 
 `` candy ? 
 what kind of candy ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` dude , twix is a cookie . '' 
 we argue about this for another minute , then i open the door to the balcony and he goes to his mound and takes care of business . 
 the fresh air feels wonderful and i decide i am going running outside . 
 goons be damned . 
 there is a brown box on the kitchen table with an amazon sticker . 
 it had come two days earlier , but i 'd yet to open it . 
 a minute later , i 'm holding the strongest taser on the market . 
 i shake it at lassie . 
 `` next time you go pee-pee on the carpet , zap , 4000 volts buddy . '' 
 he laughs . 
 i pull on my beanie , slip on my running shoes , and open the front door . 
 lassie sticks his head out , surveys the hall , then slinks back in . 
 if i 'd gotten over my little scare , lassie was yet to get over his . 
 `` i guess we 'll have to get you a taser too . '' 
 meow . 
 `` no , i 'm not getting you a knife . '' 
 meow . 
 `` we 'll discuss this when i get back . '' 
 after running on the treadmill for close to a week , i forgot how amazing the air tastes . 
 i decide to take a different route and head north toward summer park . 
 i 've already thought of escape routes , should the need arise . 
 the stun gun is in my right hand , cranked on high . 
 i sweep the perimeter as i run . 
 no signs of life . 
 i try to remain on alert , but my mind continually drifts . 
 i try to move past her , but she keeps popping back into my thoughts . 
 not callie freig . 
 not jessica renoix . 
 detective ray . 
 her auburn hair , her crooked smile , how she would stare at me when she thought i was a murderer . 
 i try to configure what her body is shaped like beneath those jeans and bulky sweatshirts . 
 what sounds she might make . 
 how her nipples would respond to my teasing tongue . 
 bright lights . 
 two sets . 
 escape route d. i dart across the street . 
 there is a ditch and i jump down into the water , then crawl up the embankment and enter summer park . 
 i head for the darkened tennis courts to my left . 
 i crash through the chain-link gate , hurdle the net , then start on the 18-foot fence enclosing the two courts . 
 i turn and look over my shoulder . 
 three guys have entered the court . 
 they are all wearing black . 
 they have guns . 
 i wonder why they do n't shoot . 
 as i sweep my leg over the top of the chain-link , all three hit the fence and shake it for all it 's worth . 
 somehow i 'm able to hold on , then hop down the last ten feet . 
 i look through the fence at them . 
 they could be navy seals for all i know . 
 `` hey guys . '' 
 they do n't respond . 
 they go to work on the fence and i wait until all three near the top . 
 `` sorry about this . '' 
 i taser the chain link fence . 
 three screams , then three thuds as they fall to the green court floor . 
 i turn and run . 
 `` do n't move . '' 
 i 'm staring into the barrel of a gun . 
 `` drop the taser . '' 
 i drop the stun gun . 
 `` you guys okay ? '' 
 he calls to his buddies . 
 `` that motherfucker electrocuted us . '' 
 he picks up the stun gun from the ground and looks at it . 
 then he pushes it into my chest and i scream . 
 ... i 'm in a car . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 my vision is blurred . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` 3:35 a.m. '' i squint at the voice . 
 `` do n't worry , we 'll get you back before your 4 a.m. curfew . '' 
 i recognize the voice , but the face still swims in front of me . 
 `` henry bins , '' he says . 
 it is n't a question . 
 my vision is starting to clear . 
 i 'm in the back seat of a car . 
 my chest is burning . 
 i try to speak , but only a cough comes out . 
 he hands me a perrier and i take a small sip . 
 a chill courses down my arms . 
 `` mr. president . '' 
 ... the car light above illuminates connor sullivan 's face in roughly the same shadow as the streetlamp had two weeks earlier . 
 he is wearing jeans and a university of dayton sweatshirt . 
 he could be any other guy out for a drive . 
 but he 's not . 
 he 's the president of the united states . 
 `` sorry about my guys , '' he says . 
 `` no harm was supposed to come to you . '' 
 i bring my hand to my chest where i was shocked and know a ruby red burn is in the making . 
 i nod . 
 `` i know time is of the essence , that for you time is always of the essence , so i will get right to the point . 
 i knew the moment i saw your face in that window that you were going to pose a problem . '' 
 we lock eyes . 
 relive that moment in time . 
 i think about his words , that you were going to pose a problem . 
 callie freig had also posed a problem . 
 and she was dead . 
 so why was n't i ? 
 `` i did n't kill that girl , '' he says . 
 i would have been more apt to believe if he told me he could turn off gravity . 
 that if i dropped the perrier in my hand , it would float to the ceiling . 
 i scoff . 
 `` i do n't blame you , '' he says with a shake of his head . 
 `` if i had the information you had , i would have no doubt that i killed that woman . 
 let 's see , you heard a scream , you saw me leaving , you found my cell phone , and you made the connection between me and jessica renoix . '' 
 i try not to blink . 
 i wonder if my house is bugged . 
 or if they know everything i 've searched on the internet . 
 or both . 
 he takes a breath and says , `` i met jessica six years ago when she volunteered for my reelection campaign . '' 
 he whistles . 
 `` still remember the day she walked in . 
 every male from eighteen to fifty literally stopped and stared . 
 she had that effect . '' 
 `` how long did it take for you to start sleeping with her ? '' 
 `` not long . 
 a month into the campaign , the lot of us were staying at a hotel . 
 she snuck into my room and well , i did n't turn her down . '' 
 `` i did n't take you as much of a philanderer ? '' 
 in fact , he reeked of the consummate family man . 
 `` nothing i 'm proud of , '' he offers with an upward glance . 
 i 'm not sure if he was repenting or checking the roof of the car for tears . 
 `` and you 've kept this up for six years ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it only happened the one time . '' 
 i am confused and must look it . 
 `` she videotaped it . 
 came to me the next day and demanded a hundred thousand dollars . '' 
 my eyebrows rise . 
 `` i paid her . 
 she disappeared the next day . '' 
 `` you paid her ? '' 
 `` if that video got out i would have been ruined . 
 paid her a hundred thousand dollars cash and she took it with a smile and disappeared . 
 did n't hear a peep from her for six years . 
 then i got an email a month ago . 
 she was back and she wanted more money . '' 
 `` did you give it to her ? '' 
 `` i did . 
 two weeks ago . '' 
 i study his face . 
 i found myself believing him . 
 but that he was being blackmailed by callie/jessica did n't mean he did n't kill her . 
 in fact , it gave him motive . 
 `` i know what you 're thinking , even a better reason to kill her , and do n't think it did n't cross my mind . 
 but she 'd gone away for six years the first time i paid her , i had little doubt she would disappear for another six , whereby if she ever came back to the well , i would have served out my presidency and i could deal with the fallout if the tape came out . '' 
 `` okay , so say i believe you . 
 what happened that night ? 
 and start from the beginning , like how you got out of the white house and into a ford focus . '' 
 `` you know that was the first time i 'd driven in nearly three years . 
 man it felt good ! '' 
 he laughs . 
 i do n't react . 
 i 'm still sitting next to a killer . 
 and i do n't give a shit when the last time he drove a car was . 
 he straightens . 
 `` i told my guys i wanted to go for a drive . 
 that i did n't want any record of it . 
 red , the guy that tased you , heads up my detail . 
 he made it happen , but he insisted he come with me . 
 snuck me out , got me into that car and we drove . 
 we went five miles , then i pulled over and told him to get out . 
 some ss might not have gotten out of the car , but red and i go back to college . 
 we 'd played ball together for two years . 
 like brothers . 
 he got out . 
 i told him i 'd pick him up in an hour . 
 drove down to the address that jessica -- i had no idea she was calling herself callie now -- had given me , and went inside . 
 `` i gave her the money , two hundred grand this time , and she took it . 
 she tried to kiss me and i pushed her away . 
 that 's when she started screaming . 
 i covered her mouth and told her to shut up , then i ran out . '' 
 `` what about your phone ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i had this great plan to record the exchange , so i would have proof she was blackmailing me if it ever came to that , but jessica is smart . 
 she patted me down , found the phone and said she was keeping it . 
 it was her insurance if i ever tried to prove she was blackmailing me . '' 
 `` and what , you just left and then someone came and strangled her ? '' 
 `` yep and they took two hundred thousand dollars with them . '' 
 ... the president dropped me off five blocks from my house at 3:50 a.m. i open the door and ask , `` so if you did n't kill her , then who did ? '' 
 he had no idea . 
 ~ eleven ~ i have no idea if the clemens moved back . 
 if they have , i will know in the next thirty seconds . 
 i pick up a rock from a nearby garden and weigh it in my hand . 
 it has some heft , maybe three pounds . 
 it will work . 
 my plan is to smash the lock on the sliding glass door , then hope it opens . 
 i raise the rock above my head . 
 meow . 
 i look down . 
 i decided to bring lassie along for my b & e encore , hoping he might be able to sniff out something the cops had missed . 
 `` i know it 's a stupid idea , but how else are we going to get in ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` really ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` well , why did n't you say something earlier ? '' 
 he shrugs , then leads me to a flower pot at the back edge of the porch . 
 the flowers are long dead , having not been watered in two weeks , and the soil is filled with small crusty leaves . 
 i dig my hand in the soil and feel around , then hit pay dirt . 
 i pull out a key . 
 `` good job watson . '' 
 meow . 
 `` no , i 'm sherlock . '' 
 ten seconds later , we are inside . 
 it is 3:10 a.m. . 
 the tv remote is in the same place i 'd last seen it and i decide the clemens are still tanning their hides in the florida sun . 
 i wonder what their plans are for the estate . 
 and i also wonder if they believe in ghosts . 
 ten to one , the house would be on the market within the year . 
 virginia real estate prices were on the rise , some were even throwing out words like `` seller 's market '' , but i 'd be surprised if the clemens got sixty percent of their asking price . 
 as for the cops , if they 'd moved stuff around , they 'd put it back in relatively the same fashion as they 'd found it . 
 i head into the kitchen and i grab myself a couple string cheeses from the fridge . 
 lassie springs onto the counter and begins clawing at one of the cabinets . 
 i open it and find some little treats . 
 i feed him a couple . 
 he gobbles them down . 
 `` dude , you did n't even chew it ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` you 're gon na spoil your appetite . '' 
 meow . 
 `` if you find us a clue to who killed your mom , i 'll give you a couple more . '' 
 meow . 
 `` seven ? 
 how bout three ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` four , but no more . '' 
 meow . 
 `` fine , five . '' 
 he jumps off the counter and zips out of the kitchen . 
 after my unlikely chat with the potus , i was far from convinced jessica renoix had not died at the hands of connor sullivan . 
 but he had put a couple chinks in the armor , enough that i was looking for a connection between jessica and a third party . 
 if this was a ménage ` a trios , then someone knew the president was coming over to jessica 's house with a big bag of cash . 
 i was hoping to uncover some clue as to who that person could be . 
 i spend five minutes in the living room , looking through a bunch of pictures on the walls . 
 the clemens appear to be in their late 60s , but that could have been exacerbated by uva and uvb rays . 
 there is a son and a daughter . 
 four grandchildren by the looks of the framed school pictures . 
 finding nothing that speaks to the murder of jessica renoix , i make my way into the master bedroom . 
 i hit the flashlight on my phone , illuminating the many elephant trinkets scattered about the room . 
 i wonder if jessica or mrs. clemens was the elephant nut . 
 i guess the latter . 
 in fact , everything in the room , the entire house , appears to belong to the clemens . 
 had they known jessica well enough to let her around all their valuables without a care in the world ? 
 detective ray had said the clemens told her callie/jessica had contacted them on craigslist . 
 so jessica was n't an old family friend . 
 ray also mentioned they 'd given her a great deal on the rent . 
 did she charm them , much like she 'd charmed the president ? 
 jessica had been living in the house for going on three months , yet there was no sign of her . 
 the closet was full of the clemens ' clothes . 
 the dresser as well . 
 well , at least most of the dresser . 
 unless , mrs. clemens was wearing thongs and a size two , which i highly doubted , the bottom three drawers belonged to jessica . 
 i rifle through her bras , panties , then her shirts and tops , then her jeans . 
 i stick my hand into the pocket of each pair of jeans . 
 on the fifth pair , i find a small slip of paper . 
 a receipt . 
 i unfold it . 
 best cash pawn shop . 
 she sold something to them for twelve hundred dollars . 
 meow . 
 i look down at lassie . 
 `` too late buddy . 
 i already found it . '' 
 meow . 
 `` okay , okay . '' 
 i give him two more treats . 
 meow . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 five minutes later we are home . 
 ... `` it 's up here on the left . '' 
 `` that neon sign ? '' 
 asks my dad . 
 best cash pawn shop is in one of the sketchier parts of town , just on the outskirts of d.c. . 
 the drive had taken nearly 35 minutes and i 'd eaten my breakfast in the car . 
 i turn around and look at murdock and lassie in the backseat . 
 they had n't gotten off to a great start . 
 according to my father -- who had driven to my house around midnight -- when he and murdock had entered my apartment , lassie had come out from the bedroom to investigate . 
 murdock , big , sweet , dumb , murdock , had never seen a cat before and went berserk , barking his head off , chasing the cat all over the condo , to the point where the couch was overturned and the downstairs neighbors were banging on the walls . 
 my dad was trying to harangue the giant pooch , when murdock suddenly stopped barking . 
 my dad looked down and could n't believe his eyes . 
 lassie had somehow found the bag of treats i 'd brought home the night before , opened it , and had dropped a treat at the feet of the enraged canine . 
 murdock ate the treat and lassie set another peace offering at his feet . 
 when i woke up a couple hours later and walked into the living room , the two were asleep next to one another , murdock 's huge paw cradled around the small cat . 
 `` do n't forget who feeds you , '' i tell lassie , who is lying on murdock 's back , gently rocking with each of the mastiff 's breaths . 
 meow . 
 `` you ca n't have two bffs . '' 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 my dad asks . 
 i ignore him and point to a place across the street and tell him to park . 
 `` you sure this place is open ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` it said it was open twenty-four hours . '' 
 there is a group of unsavory characters standing just outside the entrance and my dad says , `` you want me to come with you ? '' 
 `` no , better you stay with the car . '' 
 i hop out and walk past three leering gangsters , trying not to look like i 'm carrying five thousand in cash in my right front pocket . 
 i push through the barred door and the chiming of bells alerts someone to my presence . 
 the man behind the counter is a white guy with a ponytail . 
 he is wearing a jean jacket and fingerless gloves . 
 he looks like what a guy who is working at a pawnshop at three in the morning is supposed to look like . 
 `` what can i do for ya ? '' 
 he inquires as i approach . 
 i pull the receipt from my pocket and hand it to him . 
 `` my girlfriend sold this and i 'd like to buy it back . '' 
 he scrunches his face at me , then pulls up glasses attached to a chain around his neck and peers down at the receipt . 
 there is a code on the receipt that reads , `` 2f49 . '' 
 it could be anything , a tv , a coat , art , jewelry . 
 i 'm hoping whatever it is will somehow connect jessica to whoever killed her . 
 killed her and took two hundred thousand dollars . 
 `` let 's see here , '' he says . 
 he walks down the counter , bends down , and says , `` you 're in luck , number forty-nine is still hanging around . '' 
 he pulls out a watch and lays it on the counter . 
 it is silver , with a black leather band . 
 the second hand sweeps effortlessly across the numerals . 
 it is a beautiful piece of craftsmanship . 
 `` nice watch , '' he says . 
 i nod . 
 `` this what you 're looking for ? '' 
 `` that 's it , '' i say , hoping it is . 
 `` you remember the girl who sold you this ? '' 
 `` i was n't here , but chip , one of the other guys was , and he told me about some hot little number who come in wanting ten thousand for some watch . '' 
 he pauses , `` that sound like your lady ? '' 
 i nod , but i 'm thinking about jessica . 
 she wanted ten grand , but took twelve hundred . 
 she must have been desperate . 
 `` how much for it back ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` how much you willing to pay ? '' 
 `` three grand . '' 
 he laughs and says that it is worth three times that . 
 `` thirty-five hundred , '' i counter . 
 laughs again . 
 `` four . '' 
 less laughing . 
 `` forty-five . '' 
 almost a nod . 
 `` five . '' 
 `` deal . '' 
 i fork over all five grand . 
 he polishes the watch for me , then hands it over and i realize i have just spent five grand on a watch that most likely belongs to mr. clemens . 
 i put it in my pocket and walk quickly across the street and get back into the car . 
 `` you get it ? '' 
 my dad asks . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i turn and look at lassie and say , `` i really could have used you in there buddy . 
 guy cleaned me out . '' 
 meow . 
 `` you would not have gotten it for fifty dollars . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` let 's see it , '' my dad says . 
 the clock on the dash reads 3:53 a.m. . 
 the gangsters are staring at us from across the way and i say , `` let 's get out of this neighborhood first . '' 
 we drive for five minutes , then pull into a neighborhood with fences . 
 `` now , that is a nice watch , '' my dad says , though i hardly hear him . 
 i am too busy trying to make out the inscription on the back . 
 i read it out loud , `` to risky , may all your dreams come true . 
 mom and dad . '' 
 my dad 's eyebrows jump . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i think i know whose watch that is . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 he explains how he is openly referred to as risky . 
 my dad says the name . 
 `` ricky sullivan . '' 
 the president 's son . 
 ~ twelve ~ years ago , my dad tried to drag my lifeless body from his car up to my condo , but it had n't ended well . 
 it 'd taken him over twenty minutes , he 'd slipped two discs in the process , and my neighbor down the hall , thinking my dad was disposing of my body , had called the cops . 
 since then , anytime i fell asleep in the car , he 'd recline the seat , put a pillow under my head , lay a blanket over me , and crack a couple windows . 
 and although he would n't admit it , i know he checked on me every couple hours throughout the day . 
 at 3:00 a.m. , i wake up , crawl from the car , and make my way up to the apartment , where my dad , murdock , and lassie are all spooning on the bed . 
 lassie and murdock both jump off , run forward , and lick me clean . 
 `` hey guys , did you have fun playing ? '' 
 `` they sure did , '' my dad says , pushing himself up . 
 `` long lost brothers , you 'd think those two are . '' 
 i laugh . 
 the four of us move to the living room . 
 `` you gon na stick around ? '' 
 i ask my dad . 
 `` no , i think we 're gon na head out . 
 got some things to do tomorrow . '' 
 `` cards on wednesday ? '' 
 `` always . '' 
 `` what are you gon na do about the watch ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i have to do some research . 
 but if the president 's son is involved , i 'm going to find out . '' 
 in the couple of minutes before i 'd fallen asleep last night , my dad had told me everything he knew about ricky sullivan . 
 the president 's only child made the bush twins seem tame by comparison . 
 he 'd gotten into his fair share of trouble when sullivan was governor -- though he was never officially arrested for anything -- and his father 's rise to the presidency did little to quell ` risky 's ' insatiable appetite for fast cars and fast women . 
 he had been likened to prince harry on several occasions and the two were actually close friends . 
 in the past year , he 'd kept a low profile and was said to be buckling down for his second year at georgetown law . 
 `` i thought of something else , '' my dad says . 
 `` about the president 's son . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i guess he has a bit of a gambling problem . 
 his bookie was busted a couple years back for cocaine possession . 
 he thought rolling over on the president 's son 's gambling habits would lighten his sentence . 
 it did n't . 
 but the story did leak to the press ; risky was into him for about eighty grand at the time . '' 
 as if i had n't put it together , my dad adds , `` the two hundred grand that was stolen . '' 
 `` you might be on to something , '' i tell him . 
 he shrugs and says that he 'd better get going . 
 he starts towards to door . 
 murdock appears to have no intention of leaving his sidekick and lowers to the ground next to lassie . 
 `` say goodbye to your friend , '' i tell lassie , picking him up and making my way towards the open door . 
 meow . 
 `` no , he ca n't stay over . '' 
 meow . 
 `` because you guys are gon na stay up all night drinking soda and playing video games , that 's why . '' 
 meow . 
 `` he 's coming back over in a couple days and you guys can stay up as long as you want . '' 
 meow . 
 `` grand theft auto 5 ? 
 is that even out yet ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` i 'll see what i can do . '' 
 murdock jumps up on my chest and gives lassie a big kiss goodbye , then my dad yanks him by the collar and shuts the door . 
 i can hear him whining in the hallway as my dad wrestles the beast away from the door . 
 ... lassie and i are just sitting down to eat , when there is a knock at the door . 
 it is 3:11 a.m. i look through the peephole , expecting to see my father , thinking he 'd left something at my condo . 
 it 's not . 
 i pull the door open . 
 `` what the fuck bins ? '' 
 `` and a hello to you , detective ray . '' 
 she storms in . 
 she is wearing a black top and tight jeans . 
 her hair is up . 
 her arms are also up . 
 as is her apparent temper . 
 `` you did n't have to go to the fbi ! '' 
 `` fbi ? '' 
 she cuts her eyes at me . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 her eyebrows rise , then slide together . 
 `` you do n't know ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` tomorrow morning . '' 
 she pauses . 
 `` they are going to arrest the president for murder . '' 
 ... `` what ? '' 
 `` callie freig is n't really callie freig . '' 
 i put on my best surprise face . 
 big eyes . 
 open mouth . 
 a loss for words . 
 it works . 
 `` the fbi got an anonymous tip ; before she changed her identity , callie freig was actually a young girl named jessica renoix . 
 she worked for sullivan 's governor campaign in virginia . 
 the tip also said that they saw the president leave the woman 's house the night of the murder . '' 
 she looks at me skeptically . 
 `` it was n't me , '' i assure her . 
 then add , `` still that 's not a lot to go on . 
 the secret service came and got the phone , so they could n't use that . 
 you would think the fbi would have more . '' 
 `` they do . '' 
 she takes a deep breath . 
 `` president sullivan underwent a battery of tests when he became president , one of which is a routine dna workup . 
 his dna would n't show up in a routine search of the national dna database , but the fbi has it on file somewhere . 
 they ran his dna against a couple of hairs found in her bed and it was a match . '' 
 i did n't have to fake my surprise face this time . 
 `` they made a courtesy call to my captain , because the homicide is technically our jurisdiction , but yeah , they are arresting him at the white house tomorrow morning . '' 
 `` what did your captain say ? '' 
 `` what could he say , he let the biggest arrest in the history of the united states slip through his fingers . 
 he smelled like he 'd drunk a fifth of scotch by the time he called me and cal into his office and told us what was going on . '' 
 i thought of cal , who had been so adamant that i 'd killed her . 
 `` it would have been nice to see cal 's face . '' 
 `` he still thinks it 's bullshit , '' she scoffs . 
 `` thinks it 's some big left wing conspiracy to get the president out of office and get a democrat back in . '' 
 `` asshole . '' 
 she nods and both of us go quiet . 
 i wonder if she is playing the same simulation in her head , the one of the president being arrested , and the media atomic bomb that is going to explode tomorrow . 
 this will , without a doubt , be the biggest story since 9/11 . 
 `` i talked with him . '' 
 she cuts her eyes at me . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` the president . '' 
 `` yeah , right . 
 you talked with connor sullivan . '' 
 `` i did . 
 two nights ago . '' 
 it takes her three seconds to realize i 'm not joking . 
 she takes two steps towards me . 
 we are a foot apart . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 i start at the beginning . 
 the very beginning . 
 `` so , lassie is n't my cat . 
 i mean , he is now , but he was jessica 's . '' 
 she looks at lassie , who is sitting on the top of the couch . 
 hearing his name he meows . 
 it takes ten minutes for me to tell bring her up to date ; the vet , the microchip , jessica renoix , the goons , the tasing , the backseat chat with the most powerful man in the world . 
 i leave out the part of my breaking back into the house , the pawn receipt , and the watch . 
 `` she was blackmailing him ? '' 
 `` that 's what he said . '' 
 `` and this tape , it never came out . '' 
 `` i think even the people of jupiter would know if a video of the president banging an eighteen-year-old campaign volunteer leaked out . '' 
 `` okay , so then what ? 
 he admits to being there that night , bringing the blackmail cash , and then leaving . 
 then someone else comes and kills her and takes the money . 
 who ? '' 
 well , his son for one . 
 he 'd obviously been in contact with jessica at some point . 
 maybe he knew about his dad 's affair . 
 maybe she 'd told him everything . 
 maybe he needed the money to pay off his gambling debts . 
 maybe jessica and risky were supposed to split the money , but he got greedy and killed her . 
 lots of maybes . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i reply . 
 `` odds are it 's a bunch of bullshit and sullivan did it . '' 
 `` is that what you think ? 
 you think it 's bullshit ? 
 you think he was lying ? '' 
 i run the clip back in my head . 
 his clenched jaw . 
 his commanding gaze as he said , `` i did n't kill her . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i say . 
 `` i think he was telling the truth . '' 
 she exhales . 
 i reach out and touch her arm . 
 i 'm not sure why , but i do . 
 it is an automatic response , as unconscious as my next breath . 
 she looks at my hand on her shoulder , then looks up at me . 
 i do n't know what is going on behind her soft brown eyes . 
 but i want to know . 
 `` you want to stay for some coffee ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it 's three-thirty in the morning , '' she says with a laugh . 
 `` i 've got to get to bed . 
 tomorrow is going to be a circus . '' 
 lassie jumps off the couch and rubs up against her leg as she starts for the door . 
 she leans down and pets him , then stands and pulls the door open . 
 `` did you vote for him ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she turns . 
 stares for a second . 
 a flash of her crooked smile . 
 `` rain check on the coffee , '' she says . 
 ~ th : rteen ~ within ten seconds of waking up , i am on the internet . 
 president arrested ! 
 president arrested for murder ! 
 president sullivan a murderer !?! presidential murder ! 
 murdergate ! 
 those are just a couple of the headlines . 
 i click on a video and watch as the president is escorted by his secret service detail and no less than fifteen fbi agents down the white house steps . 
 the director of the fbi is one of sullivan 's strongest opposers . 
 he is making a statement . 
 no one is above the law . 
 even the president . 
 there are other videos , wolf blitzer , anderson cooper , bill o'reilly , all chomping at the bit , this is the biggest scandal since cain and abel went to the old fishing hole and only cain came back . 
 i do n't spend too much time on the videos , but do watch a couple flashes of press conferences ; the head of the fbi , the white house press secretary , even one where charles barkley weighs in , `` that guy an idiot . '' 
 bottom line , the president was arrested for the murder of jessica renoix . 
 the senate and house were calling for an impeachment and the wheels were in process . 
 for the moment , connor sullivan was still the most powerful man in the world , but that could change any moment . 
 `` what do you think buddy , should they impeach him ? '' 
 lassie cocks his head to the side , thinking . 
 meow . 
 `` stone him ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` cut off his hands ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` okay , no more game of thrones for you , buddy . '' 
 we get out of bed , get some grub , and sit down to the breakfast table . 
 i search , `` ricky sullivan . '' 
 i read a couple tidbits about him , corroborating most of what my dad had already told me . 
 the latest hit was from twelve hours earlier . 
 some website called tmz . 
 `` risky 's wild spring break . '' 
 i read the small blurb , then call my dad . 
 he answers . 
 `` get the car . 
 we 're going to vegas . '' 
 ... the drive time from alexandria to las vegas is approximately thirty-four hours . 
 when i wake up we are in colorado . 
 `` good morning , '' my dad says . 
 `` morning . '' 
 i turn around . 
 `` hey guys . '' 
 lassie is chewing on murdock 's ear . 
 he stops long enough to give me a quick kiss then goes back to the business at hand . 
 murdock seems to be enjoying it thoroughly . 
 `` you mind driving for an hour ? '' 
 asks my dad . 
 `` not at all . '' 
 we pull over and switch spots . 
 my dad is asleep within three miles . 
 i pull out my phone and log onto the internet . 
 it takes me a couple moments to find what i 'm looking for . 
 i click play . 
 connor sullivan is standing behind a lectern on the white house steps . 
 at the time of the press conference , he is still the potus . 
 `` my fellow americans , '' he begins . 
 `` i come before you not as the president , but as your fellow man . 
 a man wrongly and unjustly convicted of a crime i did not commit . 
 i have every faith in the united states judicial system and that i will be found unequivocally innocent of this heinous crime . 
 i am not disenchanted but proud that we live in a democratic state where its highest powers are not above the law , and hold no ill will towards the fbi or any other institution . 
 the truth will come out . 
 god bless this great nation . '' 
 not bad . 
 i wonder how long he actually spent in a jail cell before they rushed him into a courtroom and posted bail . 
 did n't matter . 
 what mattered was in the background . 
 his wife was there . 
 his son was n't . 
 i put the phone down and force myself to the road . 
 i 've seen mountains before , but nothing as majestic as the snow-capped rockies that loom under the full moon . 
 at 3:58 , i pull the car over into a small dirt enclave and i nudge my father . 
 we switch seats . 
 when i wake up , it will be the bright lights of vegas . 
 ~ fourteen ~ there are 122 casinos , 874 clubs , over 2,000 restaurants , and more than fifty strip clubs in las vegas . 
 nearly everything is open until four in the morning , if they close at all . 
 and ricky sullivan could be in any one of them . 
 that is , if the paparazzi and his father 's arrest had n't sent him underground . 
 it takes my dad six hours and five greased palms , but he finally tracks the president 's son and his buddies to the xs nightclub . 
 at 3:06 , my dad pulls up to the massive wynn hotel and i jump out . 
 after a twenty-minute wait in line , and a fifty dollar cover fee , i enter . 
 house music blares . 
 purple , orange , and green strobe lights threaten to give me a seizure . 
 the air is sticky , a million tiny post-it notes . 
 i feel like i 've walked into a beehive . 
 it 's madness . 
 i push my way through the swarming bodies . 
 a young woman wearing six square inches of fabric grabs my crotch and whispers something unintelligible in my ear . 
 she grabs my hand and yanks me towards the dance floor . 
 i shake her hand off . 
 i measure women in minutes and she is worth about thirty seconds . 
 detective ray flashes across my mind . 
 i give her all sixty . 
 when i finally get to the bar it is 3:34 a.m. `` where 's ricky sullivan ? '' 
 i scream at the closest bartender . 
 he feigns ignorance . 
 i am not the first person to ask him this question tonight . 
 i wave a hundred dollar bill at him . 
 he walks over and snags it , then cocks his head to the right , then moves on to the next customer . 
 it takes me four minutes to push my way through the crowd and to the vip tables . 
 two bouncers guard a thick rope that cordons ten plush circular tables that currently hold three nba stars , two rappers , a restaurateur , a comedian , an actress , a supermodel , a late-night host , and the president 's son . 
 ricky sullivan is with two other guys and eight scantily clad women . 
 they are sitting around a plush purple sofa . 
 at least a thousand dollars ' worth of bottle service litters the table next to them . 
 three men in black suits stand close by ; ricky 's secret service detail . 
 they look especially alert and i 'm guessing the past forty-eight hours have been a deluge of reporters and paparazzi trying to get a snapshot or a comment . 
 the bouncers appraise me as i approach . 
 they are checking my wrist for the bright green band that all the ` visitors ' to the vip section are wearing . 
 i have one . 
 i 'd bought it from a girl on the dance floor for two hundred dollars . 
 she wiggled it off and i was able to wiggle it on . 
 what can i say , i have dainty hands . 
 they let me through and i pick my way past four of the tables . 
 when i am within six feet of ricky sullivan and his posse , two of the secret service goons jump forward and block my path . 
 `` hey guys . '' 
 they do n't respond . 
 `` i just need a quick second with ricky . '' 
 they look at one another . 
 `` get lost , '' says one . 
 `` ricky , '' i yell . 
 he does n't turn around . 
 the secret service guys start pushing me back . 
 i pull the watch from my pocket and toss it underhand . 
 it lands on the lap of a girl next to ricky . 
 before my arms are wrenched behind my back , i catch ricky 's eyes as he sees the watch . 
 `` he 's good . '' 
 the force that is about to break my wrist lessens slightly . 
 `` i said he 's good ! 
 let him through ! '' 
 i dust myself off , give the two ss a little nod , and walk past . 
 ricky has already ushered all the girls and his two buddies from the table . 
 it 's just him and the watch . 
 i sit down a couple feet from him . 
 i grab the ciroc vodka and pour myself a vodka cranberry . 
 `` where did you get this ? '' 
 i look up . 
 ricky sullivan has his mother 's brown doe eyes and soft features . 
 he has his father 's weight , but on a foot shorter frame . 
 he 's lost twenty pounds in the past few years , but he 's still a chubbo . 
 `` i got it from the pawn shop that jessica sold it to . '' 
 he inhales . 
 `` when did she take it ? '' 
 he pours himself a stiff drink , takes a long swallow and says , `` about two months ago . '' 
 `` did you know ? '' 
 `` yeah , i knew . 
 but i did n't care . 
 just figured she needed money and was too proud to ask . 
 it was n't the only thing she took . '' 
 `` where did you meet her ? '' 
 `` a coffee shop on campus . 
 she said she had a class with me , but i could tell she was lying . '' 
 `` but who cares . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` she was the sexiest girl i 'd ever seen . '' 
 he asks who i am . 
 i ignore him . 
 `` did you kill her ? '' 
 he is a deer in headlights . 
 his doe eyes start to leak . 
 he is crying . 
 it takes him thirty seconds to compose . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he sniffs . 
 `` she was the first girl i ever really cared about . 
 ever . '' 
 `` did you know about her connection to your father ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` no , she never talked about her past . 
 she just wanted to , well , screw mostly . 
 at least , at first . 
 at the beginning , i think she just wanted to fuck the president 's son . 
 but then , i think , she kinda started to like me . '' 
 he smiles sheepishly , like the idea of a girl actually liking him for himself is preposterous . 
 `` did you ever go to her house ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i did n't even know where she lived . 
 dave and jerry , '' he nods towards the two secret service guys who had manhandled me , `` would sneak her up to my apartment . '' 
 `` how long were you two involved ? '' 
 `` three months . '' 
 `` did you know her as callie or jessica ? '' 
 `` at first it was callie , but after six weeks , we were in bed and she told me to call her jessie . '' 
 jessie ? 
 `` and she never told you about her past , how she worked for your father 's campaign ? '' 
 `` nope , never . '' 
 `` what would you talk about ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 movies , books , she wanted to go to vet school someday , to travel . 
 she liked sports , especially the ravens . 
 she loved to play cards . 
 we 'd play cards for hours . '' 
 `` did she ask about your dad ? '' 
 `` at first . 
 she wanted to know what sort of dad he was . 
 was he around ? 
 stuff like that ? 
 but she abhorred politics . 
 my dad did n't come up very often after the first couple weeks . '' 
 `` how did you find out she was killed ? '' 
 `` jerry came in and took my cell phone . 
 told me that callie had been murdered . 
 brought me a new phone a couple hours later with a new phone number . '' 
 that would explain the phone number that had been untraceable . 
 it had n't been the president 's . 
 it was ricky 's . 
 `` what 's the spread on the laker 's game tomorrow ? '' 
 he scoffs . 
 `` i have n't gambled in six months . 
 i learned my lesson . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` what do you think ` jessie ' needed the money from the watch for ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she did n't have a job . 
 she had to pay rent somehow . '' 
 `` and you did n't care that she stole a ten thousand dollar watch from you ? '' 
 `` i know i should have . 
 but , i did n't . '' 
 `` you loved her . '' 
 he is quiet . 
 he did . 
 `` do you think your dad killed her ? '' 
 his lips quiver . 
 i 've heard enough . 
 and i 'm out of time . 
 i chug the rest of my drink , pat him on the shoulder and leave . 
 ... i drive my one hour , this time in tennessee . 
 the next time i wake up , i am in my father 's car parked outside my condo . 
 there is an unmarked car parked down the street and i feel the occupant 's stare as i get out and enter my building . 
 my dad and murdock leave and lassie and i sit down to the computer . 
 i log onto the internet . 
 the email from the company i 'd paid to do a background check on jessica renoix is waiting for me in my inbox . 
 i click on it and am not surprised to find very little information . 
 there is a credit card , a phone , and an oregon address . 
 all are for show . 
 just like they 'd been for callie freig . 
 that 's why jessica needed the money from the watch . 
 she wanted to change her identity . 
 she had done it before . 
 twice . 
 i 'd known four jessica 's in my life . 
 some went by jess . 
 none went by jessie . 
 it was a totally different name . 
 like a matthew going by mark . 
 did n't happen . 
 i go to the virginia missing person 's database and search , `` jessie . '' 
 no hits . 
 maybe i 'm wrong . 
 i think back to what ricky had said . 
 she liked sports . 
 especially the ravens . 
 the baltimore ravens . 
 i log onto the maryland missing person 's database and try again . 
 two hits . 
 one is a twelve-year-old boy . 
 the other is a sixteen-year-old girl . 
 jessie kallomatix . 
 she is younger , but there is no mistaking it . 
 it 's her . 
 jessie kallomatix is jessica renoix is callie freig . 
 two google searches later and i have it all figured out . 
 what had ricky said , `` she 'd ask what kind of dad he was . 
 was he around a lot ? '' 
 connor sullivan had lied . 
 she 'd been blackmailing him all right , but not because he 'd slept with her . 
 she 'd been blackmailing him because connor sullivan was her father . 
 ~ f : fteen ~ it takes three days -- well , three hours -- for it all to come together . 
 three hours of planning , phone calls , and favors . 
 i pull open the curtains . 
 the car is still there . 
 still watching . 
 it is 3:03 a.m. . 
 at 3:04 , i hear the sirens . 
 `` here they come . '' 
 meow . 
 `` sorry buddy . 
 i have to do this one alone . '' 
 meow . 
 `` yes , it 's going to be dangerous . '' 
 meow . 
 `` danger is n't your middle name . '' 
 meow . 
 `` because i did n't think to give you one . '' 
 meow . 
 `` pistol ? 
 i do n't think so . '' 
 meow . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't care if he is a triple threat . 
 how bout roger ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` well , lassie timberlake bins sounds stupid too . '' 
 meow . 
 `` well , i do n't care what murdock says . '' 
 meow . 
 `` fine . 
 your middle name can be danger . '' 
 meow . 
 the ambulance pulls up in front of the condo . 
 `` all right , lassie danger bins , it 's go time . '' 
 three minutes later , i am in the ambulance and we are flying down the street . 
 `` hey , '' sara says from the passenger seat . 
 `` thanks again . '' 
 her boyfriend , clay , and his buddy , jake , who had taken me out on the stretcher both nod . 
 clay says , `` it was a slow night . '' 
 `` did they follow ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yep , '' sara says with a nod . 
 `` they 're probably two lights behind us . '' 
 a minute later , the ambulance pulls up to summer park and i jump out . 
 `` good luck . '' 
 i nod and take off running . 
 ... i bang on the window and she jumps . 
 `` shit , you scared me , '' detective ray says , as she climbs out of her crown vic . 
 `` how long have you been here ? '' 
 `` i got here right at three , just like you said . '' 
 she pauses . 
 `` you gon na tell me what this is all about ? '' 
 i scan the side street for approaching headlights . 
 `` not yet . 
 not till he gets here . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 i ignore her . 
 ten seconds later , lights turn onto the street and grow brighter as the car pulls into the lot and parks next to us . 
 the door opens and he says , `` get in . '' 
 ray 's eyebrows jump five inches off her forehead . 
 `` is that the president ? '' 
 i nod . 
 the two of us climb in the back of the town car . 
 connor is wearing the same outfit as last time , jeans and a gray sweatshirt . 
 `` this is detective ingrid ray from the alexandria pd , '' i say . 
 he takes her hand . 
 `` pleasure to meet you mr. president . '' 
 `` likewise . '' 
 then turning to me , he asks , `` so what is this about ? '' 
 i had n't told him anything . 
 in fact , i 'd simply called the private number he 'd given me the day we 'd first met and left a message telling him to meet me at summer park at 3:15 a.m. . 
 that it was important . 
 i hand a piece of paper to him and say , `` tell your driver to go to this address . '' 
 he looks down at the paper , if the address means anything to him , he does n't show it . 
 he pushes a button and the divider slides down and he passes the paper through to his driver . 
 `` hey red , '' i say . 
 he nods . 
 the divider goes back down and the car begins to move . 
 i can feel four eyes on me . 
 `` you lied to me . '' 
 the president does n't flinch . 
 `` there was no video . '' 
 sullivan 's face is marble . 
 `` you never slept with her . 
 she never seduced you . '' 
 i wait for sullivan to scoff , to tell me that i 'm full of shit , to get out of his car . 
 he does n't . 
 `` she was your daughter . '' 
 ray pinches my leg . 
 a ` what the hell are you doing ' pinch . 
 `` yes , she is . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 ray shouts . 
 `` jessica is your daughter ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` wait , what , how ... '' ray bumbles . 
 `` i 'll explain in a second , '' i tell her . 
 `` how did you find out ? '' 
 sullivan asks . 
 `` your son . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` she told him to call her jessie . '' 
 `` jessie ? 
 i thought her name was jessica ? '' 
 ray shouts , trying to piece things together . 
 `` she changed her identity twice , '' i tell ray . 
 `` her real name is jessie . '' 
 i explain about the pawn receipt and my chat with ricky sullivan in vegas , how i 'd found jessie on the missing person 's database on the internet , and how after searching her name , i 'd put the pieces together . 
 then i turn to the president and say , `` he thinks you killed her , you know . '' 
 `` better than the alternative , '' he says , leaning his head back . 
 `` better than him knowing he 's been fucking his half-sister for the past three months . '' 
 `` wait , '' shouts ray . 
 `` will one of you tell me what is going on ? '' 
 i nod towards the president . 
 `` why do n't you start at the beginning . 
 and no lies this time . '' 
 `` all right , but first tell me where we 're going ? '' 
 `` you do n't recognize the address ? '' 
 `` just that it was in maryland . 
 should i know ? '' 
 `` yeah , you married the woman who lives there . '' 
 ... it was a story that was said to have won connor sullivan the presidency . 
 a story that could have been told in any bar in the world . 
 it made you see him as a guy , any guy , who accidentally married the wrong woman . 
 kimberly a. bells was born in nevada . 
 she went to college at a small school in ohio , dayton university , where she met and fell in love with one of the stars of the basketball team . 
 after graduating , kimberly moved to virginia with her new love , married him , spawned him one child , and eventually became the first lady of the united states of america . 
 kimberly s. bells grew up in virginia , met paul kallomatix when she was 22 , and had a daughter . 
 the couple would move to maryland years later , stay happily married for sixteen years , then divorce bitterly . 
 both marriages took place at the same church in northern virginia . 
 kimberly a. bells to connor sullivan on the saturday . 
 kimberly s. bells to paul kallomatix on the sunday . 
 to this day , it still is n't known how it happened , if it was the clerk at the courthouse , the minister , or a third party , but the documents were mixed up and connor sullivan ended up married to kimberly s. bells , and vice versa . 
 you would think one little initial would n't have been such a troublesome problem and it was n't , at least , not until it came time to pay taxes . 
 it took connor sullivan two weeks to figure out why he owed so much money to the united states government . 
 it was because he was n't married to a third grade teacher as his wife had been for the past three years , but to a marketing executive who made nearly three times her salary . 
 he finally realized the small faux pas and after a couple of phone calls , rectified the matter . 
 `` i wanted to meet her , meet the woman i was married to , '' the president says with a laugh . 
 `` but not just her , i wanted to meet him too . '' 
 i glance at ray and wonder what is going on in her head . 
 `` the address on file for her was only a half hour away and one day i found myself in the neighborhood and decided to pop by . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` the second she opened the door , i knew i was in trouble . '' 
 i 'd seen a couple pictures of her on the internet . 
 when the story had come out during sullivan 's initial run for governor , some journalists had tracked her down and taken some photos . 
 she was of medium height , brown eyes , high cheekbones , full lips . 
 `` did the affair start that day ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we just talked for an hour . 
 laughed over the whole thing . 
 promised to get our spouses together and have dinner some night . '' 
 `` but that never happened ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` in fact , i did n't see her for another three years . 
 then i was up in maryland for a meeting and i ran into her . 
 she and her husband had moved up there a couple years earlier . 
 we had coffee and well , you could tell she was unhappy . 
 the marriage was on the rocks . 
 she never saw him . 
 he worked constantly . 
 after that , we 'd see each other a couple times a month . '' 
 `` when did the affair start ? '' 
 `` in december of that year . 
 kim , my wife , was out of town for the week . 
 the other kim called and said she 'd be down in virginia for a couple days visiting her folks . 
 she came over and , well -- '' `` how long did it last ? '' 
 `` six months . 
 i stopped when my wife told me she was pregnant . '' 
 `` was the other kim okay with it ? '' 
 `` i guess so . 
 i never heard from her again . '' 
 `` then how did jessie come into the picture ? '' 
 `` well , she 'd already changed her name when i met her . 
 if she 'd come to work for my campaign and said her name was jessie kallomatix , i do n't know if i would have let her work for me . 
 so , when i met her , her name was jessica renoix . 
 she worked hard for me for three months , then one day she comes into my office , tells me point blank who she is . 
 that her mother had gotten drunk one night and told her about her affair with me . 
 then she shows me a little baggy and a piece of paper . 
 the baggy has a lock of my hair in it , says that she cut it off my head one night when i was asleep on my desk . 
 the piece of paper is a dna test . 
 she says that i 'm her father and that she wants a hundred thousand dollars . '' 
 `` and you gave it to her ? '' 
 `` i did . 
 and she disappeared the next day . 
 and i did n't hear from her until three months ago . '' 
 `` what did she say ? '' 
 `` it was an email . 
 i have the same private email i had back then . 
 it was a picture of her and my son . '' 
 `` that must have gotten your attention . '' 
 `` sure did . '' 
 `` and this time she asked for two hundred grand ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` to stop dating your son ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` and then you went over there that night to give her the money . '' 
 `` but she did n't want it . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` she did n't want the money . 
 she said she really liked my son , that she 'd fallen in love with him . '' 
 `` and that 's when you killed her ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i did n't think he had , but i wanted to see his reaction . 
 `` why did she scream ? '' 
 `` i pushed her up against the wall and slapped her . 
 told her what she was doing was sick , that if she did n't stop seeing my son i was going to make her disappear . 
 i dropped the bag of money and left . '' 
 the car slowed . 
 i looked out the window . 
 we were in front of a small row house . 
 it was 3:34 a.m. twenty-six minutes . 
 twenty-six minutes to get a confession . 
 ~ s : xteen ~ `` does this place look familiar ? '' 
 i ask the president . 
 he shakes his head . 
 i 'd doubted kim bells lived in the same house she lived in over twenty years ago , but you never know . 
 we get out . 
 i tell red to park a couple blocks down the road and he peels away . 
 the four of us walk up the small stone steps . 
 i am in front , then detective ray , then the towering sullivan in the rear . 
 `` you really think she had something to do with jessie 's murder ? '' 
 asks sullivan . 
 `` that she would kill her own daughter ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` only one way to find out . '' 
 i ring the doorbell . 
 nothing happens for a long minute . 
 i ring the doorbell again . 
 lights come on . 
 the padding of feet . 
 the door opens . 
 `` uh , yeah ? '' 
 the twenty or so years have not been kind to kim bells . 
 the thirty pounds she 's put on since the photo drip from beneath a pink tank top and the skin under her eyes is a heavy black . 
 she is wearing gray sweatpants . 
 she is twice the size of her daughter . 
 it would have been easy for her . 
 easy to strangle her daughter to death . 
 i pull ray to the side . 
 kim 's eyes widen . 
 `` connor ? '' 
 `` kim , '' he says with a nod . 
 `` can we come in ? '' 
 i ask , checking the street for activity . 
 `` i , um , guess so . '' 
 she takes a step backward and the four of us walk past . 
 i find the living room and the others follow . 
 i introduce myself and she shakes my hand limply . 
 ray shows her badge and i can see every muscle in kim 's body tense . 
 `` what 's this about ? '' 
 she asks with a hitch in her throat . 
 `` it 's about jessie , '' answers sullivan . 
 the air in the room drops a thousand degrees . 
 `` jessie ? '' 
 i try to read her emotions . 
 her labored breathing . 
 the double blink of her eyes . 
 the smack of her lips . 
 could be guilt . 
 could be indigestion . 
 `` i have n't seen her in eight years , '' she spits . 
 the three of us look at one another . 
 sullivan does n't buy it . 
 maybe it 's a wrinkle around her mouth , a flicker of the eyes . 
 it 's something . 
 a crack in the veneer . 
 she 's lying . 
 `` bullshit , '' he scoffs . 
 she does n't respond . 
 sullivan sees blood . 
 this is the woman who framed him for murder . 
 he has every right to be furious . 
 he has every right to want to physically harm her , which he looks as though he might do any second . 
 i step between him and kim . 
 `` how could you do it ? '' 
 he screams . 
 `` how could you kill your own daughter ? '' 
 `` kill ? 
 who ? 
 jessie ? '' 
 `` you murdered jessie and framed me for it ! '' 
 kim 's head whips left , then right . 
 `` she 's ... jessie 's dead ? '' 
 sullivan looks at me . 
 back to kim . 
 stares at her . 
 through her . 
 `` are you saying that you did n't kill her ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 i did n't even ... no ... i would never ... i mean she was a terrible person ... psychotic ... but i would never hurt her . 
 never ... oh , my god , she 's dead ... how ? 
 when ? '' 
 i knew that she did n't kill her , but i find it hard to believe she did n't know her daughter was dead . 
 `` you really did n't know she was dead ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 asks ray , her first words in over twenty minutes . 
 `` did you know about the president 's arrest ? '' 
 `` uh , yeah , i guess i heard about that . '' 
 she looks at sullivan . 
 `` but i did n't want to believe it . 
 i started reading an article about it in the paper a few days ago , but i had to stop . '' 
 i could see it in her eyes , still to this day . 
 i 'm not sure how sullivan had felt about her , but she had loved him . 
 `` but you 'd seen her since she was sixteen . '' 
 i say . 
 it is n't a question . 
 `` yeah , once , '' she admits reluctantly . 
 `` she came by about two years ago asking for money . 
 no ` hi ' , no ` sorry i ran away without telling you three years ago ' , just ` got any money ? ' '' 
 `` did you give her any ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` that girl ruined my life . 
 started doing meth when she was twelve , having sex by thirteen . 
 cost me my marriage and hundreds of thousands of dollars in rehab . 
 they foreclosed on my house . 
 i lost everything . 
 i did n't give that lying slut a dime . 
 best thing that ever happened to me was her leaving that day . '' 
 `` why did n't you call and get her removed from the missing persons database ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` never thought to , i guess . '' 
 `` you could have told me , '' interjects sullivan . 
 `` told you what ? '' 
 `` that jessie was mine . '' 
 `` yours ? '' 
 `` my daughter . '' 
 `` jessie 's not your daughter . '' 
 `` according to the dna test she showed me , i am . '' 
 kim scoffs . 
 `` jessie was a pathological liar . 
 pathological . 
 she started making her own fake report cards on the computer when she was seven . 
 they were perfect . 
 her teacher could n't even tell the difference . 
 she forged a sixty thousand dollar check when she was eleven . 
 she made fake ids for everybody at the high school when she was fourteen . '' 
 that would account for all her fake identities . 
 i 'm sure she 'd had help along the way , but if she had one foot in the world , it would have been far more accessible . 
 `` but i called the company who did the test . 
 they would n't give me much information , but i wiggled it out of one of the receptionists that jessie kallomatix was in their files . '' 
 `` that was probably from when i had her tested when she was young , to make sure paul was her father and not you . '' 
 `` and he was ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 sullivan had a right to be pissed . 
 he 's paid out over three hundred thousand dollars based on jessie being his daughter . 
 but he did n't look pissed , in fact , he was smiling . 
 i could tell he was thinking about ricky . 
 glad his son had n't been sleeping with his half-sister . 
 that must have been giving the president nightmares . 
 `` that 's why she sent you the picture of your son the second time , '' i say to the president . 
 `` because if she would have blackmailed you for being your daughter , you would have checked more thoroughly this time . 
 you would have had red or one of your other guys get to the bottom of it . 
 so she started hooking up with your son . 
 she knew you would keep that to yourself . '' 
 sullivan nods . 
 `` hooking up with your son ? '' 
 asks kim . 
 sullivan spends the next ten minutes explaining everything . 
 from how he 'd first met jessie , to her blackmail , to the picture she sent of her and his son , to him going over to her house and dropping off the money , to her being found strangled to death . 
 i look down at my cell phone . 
 it 's 3:50 . 
 ten minutes . 
 sullivan gazes at me . 
 `` so , then , another dead end . '' 
 lights turn onto the street . 
 get brighter . 
 brighter . 
 brighter . 
 then disappear . 
 all six eyes are trained on me . 
 i put my finger up to my lips . 
 ten seconds later , there is a knock . 
 `` bins , '' comes a voice . 
 `` bins , it 's me , i 'm here . '' 
 i pull the door open . 
 ~ seventeen ~ paul kallomatix is wearing the same suit he 'd been wearing when i 'd first met him . 
 his forehead is heavily creased over furrowed brows . 
 his goatee is perfectly groomed around his gaping mouth . 
 `` hey paul , '' i say . 
 `` what the fuck is going on here bins ? '' 
 he says , ignoring my jest . 
 he sweeps his eyes over his ex-wife , his partner , and the president of the united states . 
 `` kim ? 
 ray ? 
 what the fuck is this ? '' 
 `` you tell me cal . 
 why do n't you tell me about jessie ? '' 
 spits ray . 
 when the president had been telling his story about the marriage mix-up , he 'd said the name paul kallomatix and ray had gone silent . 
 i could almost see her trying to put the pieces together in her head . 
 cal ? 
 a murderer ? 
 cal looks over his shoulder . 
 thinks about running . 
 thinks better . 
 his goatee smirks and he takes two steps in and closes the door . 
 `` are the guys you had following me still at the hospital ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` sure you do . 
 the off-duty cops that you had watching me the last week . 
 watching to see if i was going to take a drive up to maryland to see your ex-wife . '' 
 luckily , she lived in a different house . 
 one , he obviously did n't know about if he 'd driven up here to meet me in this one . 
 `` again . 
 no fuckin ' clue what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` you 're late by the way . '' 
 i 'd texted him this address right before i 'd knocked on ray 's window . 
 told him to meet me here at 3:45 . 
 and to be alone . 
 `` why 'd you do it cal ? '' 
 asks ray . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` why 'd you kill her ? '' 
 `` you ? 
 they got to you ? '' 
 he scoffs . 
 `` come on ray ? 
 i did n't even know it was jessie until they showed that picture of her with him , '' he nods towards sullivan . 
 `` and what difference would it have made . 
 he killed her . '' 
 he glares at the president . 
 `` if you are n't gon na tell them how it went down , i will , '' i say . 
 `` i did n't do anything to that girl . '' 
 not his little girl . 
 that girl . 
 i look down at my phone . 
 3:54 a.m. six minutes . 
 `` what happened when jessie accused you of raping her ? '' 
 there had been an article about it on the internet . 
 it was one of the things that came up when i searched ` jessie kallomatix . ' 
 when she was twelve she accused her father , a maryland cop , of raping her . 
 the case was later thrown out , but it made big news . 
 `` what other lies did she make up about you ? '' 
 his face is turning red . 
 `` how much of your hard earned money did you spend sending her to rehab and therapy ? '' 
 i can hear his teeth grinding together . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he looks at the president . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' sullivan repeats . 
 cal snorts . 
 snorts again . 
 `` it all started with you , '' he screams . 
 `` you sticking your little dick where it did n't belong . '' 
 he scans the room . 
 locks eyes with each of us . 
 i can feel it . 
 feel the dam breaking . 
 `` that little cunt ruined my life ! '' 
 spittle shoots from cal 's lips . 
 `` if i could strangle her again , i would . '' 
 the four of us do n't dare move . 
 do n't dare derail the train . 
 he shakes his head back and forth as he walks in a tight circle . 
 `` do you know that when she was fourteen she told me that if i did n't buy her a range rover when she turned sixteen that she was going to tell everyone that i got her pregnant and forced her to have an abortion ? 
 that little bitch got me kicked off the force . 
 no one in maryland or d.c. would touch me , even after the judge ruled that i never touched my daughter . 
 my wife , '' he points at kim , `` thought i was a sick bastard who raped our little girl and divorced me . 
 then i had to file for bankruptcy because i spent my life savings putting my psycho fucking daughter through rehab three times . 
 `` then two months ago , i get called to a strip club , one of the strippers is going bat-shit on a customer , and low and behold it 's my own flesh and blood . 
 she 's coked out of her mind and i take her home and she tells me a funny story about who her real dad is . 
 turns out , this crazy fucking girl who ruined my life is n't even mine . 
 says that she has his hair in the freezer if i want proof . 
 she passes out and i start looking through her place . 
 her email is open on her computer and i see a message to the president . 
 she 's blackmailing him . 
 he 's supposed to drop off two hundred grand in two days . 
 `` i did n't plan on killing her , i was just going to take the money . 
 i deserved it , damn right i did , after all the shit she put me through . 
 but when i broke in and saw her holding the president 's fucking cell phone , i decided it was too good of an opportunity to pass up . 
 i dragged her to the garage , wrapped my hands around her larynx , the same one that told a judge that i 'd raped her and squeezed the life out of her . 
 left the president 's cell phone under the car , sprinkled some of his hair on the bed , and grabbed everything of jessie 's i could find , then tossed the cellphone and wallet in the dumpster two blocks away . '' 
 `` you 're the one , '' ray says , shaking her head at cal . 
 `` you 're the one that gave the fbi the anonymous tip . '' 
 `` well , our captain turned out to be too big of a pussy . '' 
 `` but you said yourself , cal , that you did n't think it was sullivan . '' 
 `` well , no shit ingrid , what the fuck was i gon na say , i know that 's his fucking hair because i put it there . '' 
 `` she 's yours , '' kim says . 
 cal looks at his ex-wife , who continues talking . 
 `` jessie was lying . 
 she was always lying . 
 connor was n't her dad . 
 you were . 
 i had her tested when she was a baby . '' 
 the color drains from his face . 
 he staggers . 
 i lean over to brace him . 
 `` no ... no ... no ! '' 
 he yells . 
 he is behind me before i can react . 
 i can feel the gun sticking to my ribs . 
 `` move over there , '' he shouts , directing the others to the front of the living room , their backs to the window . 
 `` settle down , '' says ray . 
 her fingers inch towards her gun . 
 `` do n't even think about it , '' cal shouts into my ear . 
 she drops her hand . 
 `` you do n't have to do this , '' i find myself saying . 
 it is 3:58 a.m. . 
 in two minutes i am going to fall over and he 's going to think i 'm trying to get away and he 's going to shoot me . 
 `` you , '' he screams in my ear . 
 `` if you would have just minded your own fucking business , then everything would have gone just fine . '' 
 `` my bad , '' i say , though i do n't think he hears . 
 he is too busy thinking . 
 formulating an escape plan . 
 he breathes heavily in my ear for twenty seconds . 
 thirty . 
 it is 3:59 a.m. i have to do something . 
 now . 
 i lift up my hand . 
 i do the peace sign . 
 at least that 's what i 'm hoping cal thinks it is . 
 `` do n't fucking move . '' 
 i flash the peace sign again . 
 two . 
 i drop a finger . 
 ray glares at me curiously . 
 one . 
 i drop the second finger . 
 now . 
 i whip my head to the side . 
 the sound of bursting glass fills the room . 
 when i look down , i see cal on the floor , a bullet hole just over the bridge of his nose . 
 the last thing i remember is red crashing through the door , the sniper rifle held at his side . 
 ... police officer framed president ! 
 president innocent ! 
 sullivan did n't do it ! 
 innocent-gate ! 
 those are the headlines . 
 the fbi interviewed each of us -- mine was done over the phone -- but the main evidence was the tape of cal 's admission that red had been recording through the microphone in the president 's sweatshirt . 
 lucky for us , he 'd been listening and knew that cal had taken me hostage . 
 i 'd noticed a glimmer off red 's scope through the window , something cal had evidently missed . 
 i 'd woken up the next night in my bed and had later found out that the president himself had carried me up the three flights , though i 'm sure red helped . 
 there had been a card next to me . 
 an orange monopoly card . 
 a get out of jail free card . 
 i think it was the president 's way of saying that he owed me one . 
 that had been four days ago . 
 lassie and i were still trying to decide what we should use the card for . 
 `` what do you think buddy , should we cash this baby in for a ride on air force one ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` the taj mahal ? 
 is that even a thing ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` what it is with you and justin timberlake ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` a bag of mice ? 
 now that 's a little too practical . '' 
 meow . 
 `` that 's what i 'm talking about . 
 jet packs . '' 
 meow . 
 `` i think jessica alba 's husband might have something to say about that . '' 
 meow . 
 `` pretty sure you can only do that in mexico . '' 
 meow . 
 `` i 'm gon na act like you did n't say that ? '' 
 meow . 
 `` thanks , now i 'm thinking about midgets . '' 
 meow . 
 `` he 's the president , not the wizard of oz . '' 
 meow . 
 `` twenty murdock clones ? 
 seriously ? '' 
 i 'm pretty sure this would have gone on forever , or at least for the forty-seven more minutes left in my day , had a stunning , and very naked woman not walked in with two bowls of cereal . 
 `` breakfast in bed . '' 
 ingrid plops down next to me . 
 she feeds me a big spoonful of cinnamon toast crunch and says , `` i think the justin timberlake thing sounds pretty good . '' 
 `` i bet , '' i say , sending us both into a fit of laughter . 
 at 3:55 , she looks up at me , panting and says , `` you got time for one more . '' 
 `` i guess we 'll see , '' i say , grinning . 
 ~ author 's note ~ thanks for reading . 
 seriously . 
 thank you . 
 this little story was so much fun to write . 
 please , please , write a review on amazon if you enjoyed the book . 
 god is love . 
 nick . 
 p.s. . 
 if you like henry , you 'll love thomas ! 
 i 've attached a teaser for gray matter . 
 hope you like it . 
 p.p.s.s. do n't fret , there is more henry on the way . 
 3:10 a.m is coming in july ! 
 gray matter nickthriller.com chapter 1 the phone rang . 
 it rang again . 
 it rang a third time . 
 the answering machine kicked in halfway into the fourth ring . 
 click . 
 `` hello , caller . 
 i 'm going to be gone for the next couple weeks . 
 i 've set out to find the guy who coined the phrase ` it is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all ' and blow his brains all over the sidewalk . 
 you can leave a message if you want , but odds are i 'm either in jail or dead . 
 happy holidays . 
 live long and prosper . 
 jesus loves you . 
 the pen is mightier than the sword . 
 vote yes on 3b . 
 always compare to the placebo . 
 seat belts save lives . 
 freedom . '' 
 beep . 
 a voice gave an exasperated sigh , then started . 
 `` nice message , thomas . 
 very eloquent . 
 i would tell you that you 're an idiot but you already know that . 
 i know you 're home . 
 in fact , i know you 're lying on the couch with your blue comforter . 
 there 's probably a jar of peanut butter , the jelly , a loaf of two-week-old bread , and about ten juice boxes sitting on the coffee table . '' 
 i lolled my head to the left and peeked at the glass coffee table . 
 skippy extra creamy . 
 welch 's raspberry preserves . 
 sara lee golden honey wheat . 
 and six boxes of tree top apple juice . 
 i guess lacy knew me pretty well . 
 `` do me a favor and get off your pathetic ass and pick up the phone . '' 
 she was silent for a second then started back in . 
 `` fine . 
 if you want to self-destruct , isolate yourself from the world , then that 's your problem . 
 have fun . '' 
 i will . 
 thank you . 
 `` just remember there are those of us who still love you . 
 even when you 're acting like a huge baby . '' 
 ouch . 
 `` well , i just wanted to call and wish you a happy thanksgiving . 
 sorry i could n't be there for you . 
 i hope you find your way to some pumpkin pie . '' 
 a pumpkin spice latte from starbucks would suffice . 
 i hoped they delivered . 
 `` i know i 've said it a hundred times already , thomas , but she does n't deserve you . 
 you 're too good for her . 
 it 's been almost six weeks . 
 it 's time to get on with your life . '' 
 wrong . 
 i did n't deserve her . 
 she was too good for me . 
 it 'd only been 41 days . 
 and it was time to wallow . 
 `` bye . 
 i love you . '' 
 i hit my head backwards on the pillow three times , then threw off the comforter . 
 i snagged the remote from under the couch and blindly turned on the television . 
 the parade filled the screen and i mentally gagged . 
 this had the potential to be the most depressing day in the history of time . 
 on screen , a giant snoopy floated by . 
 followed by a giant charlie brown . 
 i waited for woodstock , but he never came . 
 an overly joyous woman commented on the procession , each affected syllable steaming the cold new york air as it left her mouth . 
 i pulled on my bear paw slippers and padded to the window . 
 if it was cold in new york then it was freezing in maine . 
 the sky was a dark gray and the earth looked frozen , the dew brittle , tundra-like , the land preparing itself for the long onslaught of winter . 
 the first big snowstorm of the year was expected to start in the late afternoon , early evening . 
 then everything would be white for the next five months . 
 at least until late april . 
 old man winter was n't very friendly in the northeast . 
 in fact , he was one mean old sumbitch . 
 i made my way to the sliding glass door and peered out on the bay . 
 by bay , i refer to the penobscot . 
 the last body of water before the pond , silent e 's , and bad teeth . 
 anyhow , it was early , around eight , but even so there were a couple brave souls in their sailboats getting one last ride in before the snow began to fall . 
 the water was three shades darker than the sky and lapped idly against the rocky shore . 
 just off center was the surry woods lighthouse . 
 the old , tattered lighthouse 's light was still visible , a reflective coin on the drab horizon . 
 sort of made you want to catch the red-eye to the bahamas . 
 on that note , i went into the kitchen , cranked the heat to bahamian , and opened the freezer . 
 there were five boxes of waffles ; regular , buttermilk , cinnamon toast , blueberry , and strawberry . 
 i know , i have a problem . 
 hi , my name is thomas and i 'm addicted to waffles . 
 hey , leggo my eggo . 
 as my waffles toasted , i started a cup of water heating in the microwave . 
 i opened the front door and scampered the ten steps to the paper . 
 it was already half drizzling , half snowing , and i had a feeling the storm was six hours ahead of schedule . 
 i sat down to the waffles and a cup of steaming apple cider and read the paper . 
 you can tell a lot about a person by the way they read the paper . 
 i was a comics , sports , weather , front page , dow jones , jumble , kind of guy . 
 alex had been a front-to-back kind of gal . 
 maybe that 's why it had n't worked out . 
 i retired back to the couch and turned on football . 
 detroit and minnesota . 
 one of them was winning . 
 i was looking forward to john madden 's turkey leg awards , but it turns out he was n't doing the game this year . 
 shucks . 
 i picked up a different remote and hit the stereo . 
 some stupid shania twain song was playing -lrb- you know the one , the one i want for life -rrb- and i could n't move . 
 i could n't even think . 
 i almost -- i stress almost -- started crying . 
 and i 'm fairly certain if there had been a gun in the house i would have shot myself through the heart . 
 i turned the stereo off . 
 so there i was about an hour into my thirty-third thanksgiving and it had already proved to be the worst yet . 
 well , the first one after my parents ' death was awful , but this one was giving it a run for its money . 
 i packed a bag , turned the heat off , hit all the lights , and recorded a new phone message . 
 when i pulled the front door open , i was hit by a wall of cold . 
 it was officially snowing now and everything that was n't made of concrete was white . 
 i took two steps , then froze . 
 i pressed my ear to the door . 
 the phone rang three more times before the answering machine picked up . 
 `` if this is lacy , i 'll call you in a couple days . 
 if this is n't lacy , stick the phone in your mouth and swallow it . '' 
 `` hi thomas . 
 it 's me . 
 listen -- '' it was alex. i panicked . 
 i could n't find my keys . 
 then i could n't find the right key . 
 by the time i got the door open , alex was long gone . 
 i made my way to the answering machine and peered down at the blinking red light . 
 time for a real gut check . 
 i took a deep breath , picked up the machine , and threw it against the wall . 
 i 'd clean it up when i got back . 
 if i ever got back . 
 two hours later , i was at 37,000 feet . 
 headed for seattle . 
 chapter 2 the cross-country journey from bangor international to chicago o’hare and on to seatac took about seven and change . 
 but , i gained three hours during the flight , so when i landed the local time was just after three in the afternoon . 
 the weather was typical seattle november : overcast , gloomy , with a light drizzle . 
 no blizzard in these parts . 
 old man winter in the northwest had alzheimer 's . 
 he got lost a lot . 
 mostly in canada . 
 i hailed a taxi for the eighteen-mile trip north to magnolia . 
 a bit of magnolia lore here : in 1856 captain george davidson of the us coast survey named the southern bluff overlooking the puget sound for the magnolia trees growing along it . 
 had he been a better botanist , he would have clearly recognized the red-barked trees as madrona . 
 the madrona is a shiny , dark green-leafed evergreen species that thrives on west-facing bluffs . 
 the trees , which can reach heights of ninety feet , usually have a twisted , windblown shape . 
 anyhow , the surrounding community preferred the name magnolia to madrona and decided to keep magnolia to identify the affluent , well-ordered , waterfront properties . 
 my parents ' house -- i still had a problem calling it my house -- was built on the westernmost bluff overlooking puget sound . 
 it was too steep to build anywhere near the house , so there was n't anything within a quarter mile in either direction . 
 the main concern was landslides . 
 the wet soil building up over time ; the vegetation slowly losing its tenacity in the soft earth . 
 it was a miracle the house had n't slipped into the sound years ago . 
 as many of its brethren had . 
 the house was built in 1964 . 
 it was a monolith then . 
 a work of art . 
 but then , so once was the coliseum . 
 when my parents bought it , they began a slow overhaul , gutting it from the inside . 
 there had been plans for a total facelift , a new kitchen , hardwood floors , upgraded plumbing . 
 but my parents never got around to it . 
 then it was too late . 
 the cabbie pulled up alongside the expansive wrought iron fence surrounding the large estate . 
 he wished me a happy thanksgiving and i tipped him an extra twenty . 
 when i 'd said i 'd packed a bag , i failed to mention i 'd packed only a small carry-on of the essentials : contact solution , shampoo , conditioner , mouthwash , and a couple other things , all of which had been red flagged at airport security because some science wizard had decided three ounces was the magic number . 
 apparently three ounces of acid , anthrax , or whatever these zealots make in their caves was n't going to harm anyone , but four ounces -- so basically i had the clothes on my back -- my favorite pair of jeans and a black t-shirt over a long-sleeve thermal -- a rarely used cell phone , and my wallet . 
 i pushed through the rusted gate and ambled up the long drive . 
 the once neatly manicured yard was overgrown with weeds and other debris . 
 dark vegetation sprung from every crack and fissure of the dilapidated drive . 
 as for the house , the wet pacific climate and harsh ocean air had n't been kind in my absence . 
 the five thousand-square-foot victorian was a combination of rust and sodium-lime deposits . 
 brown meets green . 
 almost as if some pesky kids had unloaded on the house with a barrage of aged avocados . 
 thick foliage had attacked the house from every angle , crawling up , around , and through the gray brick . 
 vines spider-webbed across the front door like organic crime scene tape . 
 i cut these away with my keys . 
 the door had warped to the frame , so i had to literally kick it in . 
 it gave on the second try and a wave of musty air washed over me . 
 i took a step inside the foyer and stopped . 
 i had n't touched anything in the wake of my parents ' death . 
 i 'd just left . 
 fled . 
 denial is n't just a river in egypt where people wash their clothes , get sick from drinking the water , get bit by snakes , get eaten by hippos , contract malaria , west nile , or worse . 
 there was a small table to my immediate left . 
 a pink vase was at its center , the remnants of a paper-thin stem silently listing over the porcelain edge . 
 i ran my finger over the table , the years of dust coloring my finger a thick black . 
 i left the front door open and entered a small hallway . 
 i took two steps , my shoes sinking into the inch-long shag . 
 lowering down to my haunches , i dug my fingers into the long green tendrils . 
 the carpet was reminiscent of the second cut at augusta and when i was young , my father and i would take turns setting up golf holes throughout the house . 
 grab our nine irons , a putter , and a couple of those white plastic golf balls and proceed to drive my mom about insane . 
 i stood up , the popping of my knees masking my deep exhale . 
 walking forward , i traced my fingers against the eggshell brown walls , which had been an eggshell white last i remembered . 
 i came to a set of two doors , one leading to the basement , the other to a bathroom . 
 i poked my head into the bathroom and flipped the light . 
 the two seventy-watt bulbs were clouded with dust and barely illuminated the small room . 
 evidently , someone -- or some financial entity -- was keeping up on the bills . 
 the floral wallpaper had begun to peel in many places , its glue well into its late thirties . 
 i heard a soft noise and peered down at the small sink . 
 water slowly beaded around the head of the faucet before giving way to a single tear . 
 i shook my head . 
 those tears could have filled a swimming pool over the course of eight years . 
 i turned the faucet on . 
 after five seconds , a loud rattle shook the foundation of the large house . 
 the pipes screamed and the house shuddered . 
 i held onto the door frame . 
 it would be slightly ironic if i 'd left for eight years , come back for less than an hour , and the house slid into puget sound . 
 or would that just be a terrible coincidence ? 
 or just unfortunate ? 
 the rattling slowly began to subside and after what seemed like a full minute , water spurted from the faucet . 
 it was brown . 
 i turned the water off . 
 i spent the next half hour reacquainting myself with the old house . 
 pick your cliché . 
 i took a ride down memory lane . 
 home is where you hang your hat . 
 absence makes the heart grow fonder . 
 you ca n't put toothpaste back in the tube . 
 even a blind squirrel finds an acorn every once in a while . 
 too many chiefs and not enough indians . 
 okay , so maybe those last few were n't exactly relevant , but you get my drift . 
 i made my way into the kitchen . 
 there were a couple cardboard boxes strewn about the linoleum . 
 a roll of packaging tape and a black sharpie rested on the island centering the small kitchen . 
 just above the stove was a round clock . 
 i 'd bought it for my parents for christmas three years before they 'd died . 
 it was from brookstone . 
 kinetic . 
 the hour hand was halfway between the four and the five . 
 let 's see here , plane landed at just after three , half hour drive , hour or so poking around . 
 yep , i 'd say that was the best thirty bucks i ever spent . 
 i pulled open the refrigerator , picked up the milk , and read the expiration date : 13apr02 . 
 it was green and it said , `` where ya been , thomas ? '' 
 i 'm lying , of course . 
 the fridge was empty . 
 i rummaged through the cabinets . 
 there was a lot of canned stuff , lots of nonperishables , and lots of other things you see in those thanksgiving donation barrels . 
 i picked up a can of beets and pondered the irony of the situation . 
 anyhow , i pulled my cell phone from my pocket and turned it on . 
 there were only a handful of people -- and by handful i mean less than five -- who had my cell phone number . 
 i believe the last call i 'd made was to my dean at the university telling him i would n't be returning to work the following semester . 
 that call had been sometime in early june . 
 in the months since , i 'd had all of five missed calls and three voice mails . 
 i scrolled through the five calls . 
 they were all from alex. two calls were in october , two in early november , and the last , just hours earlier . 
 being that i was once a detective -- albeit a second-rate one -- i deduced the messages were also from alex. still got it . 
 as for alex , i was n't sure if i wanted to hear what she had to say . 
 as much as i loved her -- and i still did -- i could never take a girl back who 'd dumped me . 
 it 's a pride thing . 
 but maybe that is n't why she 'd called . 
 maybe she wanted her fried green tomatoes dvd back . 
 i picked up the black marker off the center island and wrote on my palm , `` she dumped you for a fucking stockbroker . '' 
 underneath this i scribbled , `` toothpaste '' and `` contact solution . '' 
 i located one of the old phone books and after a couple unsuccessful attempts , found a pizza joint still in service . 
 i inquired if i was the only person to order a pizza on thanksgiving . 
 the guy informed me that there were a couple others . 
 at five the pizza came . 
 i grabbed a slice and headed out to the narrow balcony off the kitchen.the sky was a deep gray , from which a light drizzle steadily dripped . 
 the sun was preparing for its descent in my right viewfinder , undressing layers of pinks and oranges behind the clouds ' satin curtain . 
 a distant island was thinly traced into the horizon on the far left and i remember my father telling me it was japan . 
 i 'm still not sure if it was or was n't . 
 straight down was a thicket of tall , windswept madronas , then black rock , then rippling sound . 
 it was all very melancholy if you ask me . 
 i rested my elbows on the railing , ate pizza , and watched the sun lower its landing gear . 
 there was a port a half mile south and i watched as a colossal freighter made its lackluster final stretch . 
 it rode high on the black water , inching across the gray horizon . 
 the ship had traveled thousands of miles and here i was witnessing its last steps . 
 such is life . 
 i spent the next couple minutes thinking deep philosophical thoughts brought on by a stupid boat . 
 the ss aristotle . 
 i thought about where the ss prescott was in its voyage . 
 and what freight it would carry . 
 how it got here and where it was going . 
 i thought about alex. was she cargo ? 
 or was she one of these rogue waves i kept hearing about ? 
 a vibration in my pocket startled me out of my rumination . 
 staring at the screen , i fought the urge to flip the phone open . 
 it pulsed four times then relaxed , then pulsed again two minutes later , notifying me i had a new message . 
 must be some message . 
 but then again , alex loved kathy bates . 
 i stared at the phone for a solid minute , then reared back and hucked it at the setting sun . 
 for a brief moment i thought it would reach the rippling black water . 
 but it lost velocity , splattering against the rocky shore , its ashes quickly swept away by the incoming tide . 
 bye , alex. i rubbed my right shoulder and peered over the edge of the balcony , then i leaned down and squinted hard . 
 something was floating in the water . 
 it would hit the black rocks then be sucked back into the channel with each ebb and flow . 
 the white water receded into the black rocks , and i was granted a quick glimpse of arms and long black hair . 
 it was a woman . 
 chapter 3 i should mention that in another life i 'd been a homicide detective . 
 so i 'd seen my fair share of dead bodies . 
 in fact , i 'd seen most people 's fair share of dead bodies . 
 for the last four years of my career i 'd been a special contract agent to the fbi 's violent crime unit . 
 in a nutshell , i outsourced my skills , instincts , cleverness , and good looks to the federal bureau of investigation . 
 half the time i was working hand in hand with the fbi -- fruitdicks , backstabbers , and impersonators -- the other half i was getting yelled at by them . 
 then i went and got killed . 
 but as you can see , i 'm not dead -- thanks to some stubborn doctors , a couple of electricity-charged paddles , and eight pints of somebody else 's blood . 
 i bought a quiet house in maine -- wheelchair accessible , of course -- and opted for early retirement . 
 i kept myself peripherally related to the world of law enforcement by teaching an intro-level criminology class at the local university . 
 but i 'd lost my passion for this as well . 
 i 'd lived my life by the age-old axiom , `` those who can do . 
 those who ca n't teach . '' 
 but all i wanted to do was sit on my couch . 
 without the job , i was n't really sure who i was . 
 i was defined by the job . 
 i think this may have contributed to alex leaving me for a day trader , but then again , i might just be monday morning relationshipping . 
 but now , here i was , and the last thing i wanted to see was exactly what was staring me in the face this very second . 
 a dead woman washed up on a piece of remote coastline that just happened to make up my backyard . 
 for pete 's sake . 
 there were two routes to the water . 
 route a was a straight shot down four hundred vertical feet . 
 if you did it right , you could get to the water in about five minutes , but one missed step and you were shark bait . 
 route b had you walking a half mile south to a scenic overlook . 
 one of those places where they have binocular posts bolted to the ground . 
 most afternoons a decent crowd of tourists could be seen patiently awaiting their turn to drop fifty cents into one of the binoculars for their chance to catch a glimpse of a whale tail or a bald eagle through the foggy lenses . 
 enough people had made the trek from the viewing platform to the rocks below that a trail had formed , which would eventually lead to the crescent shaped cove directly beneath my house . 
 i decided on route a. i braced myself against two trees and started down . 
 if i could go back and do it all over again , i would have done a few things differently . 
 one , i would n't have turned off that football game . 
 two , i 'd have thrown a sinker instead of a fastball . 
 and three , i would have taken route b . 
 as i continued down the treacherous path to the water , i contemplated a couple possible scenarios . 
 people died on the water frequently . 
 in the two years i lived in maine , there were nine separate occurrences when someone died in the water . 
 or at the hands of it . 
 things were a bit different here on the sound , where there were n't quite as many recreational boaters . 
 the main concern here being fishing boats and ferries , with your occasional scuba diver . 
 now the sound is n't exactly the bering sea , but it is connected to the bering sea , and the water temperature was still in the mid-forties . 
 this means if you did happen to fall off a boat -- or get pushed for that matter -- you had about seven minutes to get your ass out of the water . 
 so , logic told us the woman died by accident or in some other benign fashion . 
 but , logic is overrated . 
 granted , i 'd only seen the body for a split second and i was gazing down from four hundred vertical feet above and the sun was setting in my eyes and my contact prescription was three years old and i 'd once mistaken a three hundred pound elk for a mailbox , but my instincts told me this was no accident . 
 this conjecture was based solely on the fact the woman appeared to be naked . 
 in the summer months on the penobscot it was swim trunks , a polo , and docksiders for the men . 
 women were a bit more loosely clad ; a skirt and a blouse with the optional bikini underneath . 
 maybe even a thin sweater or jacket . 
 but this was the puget sound in november . 
 if it was n't raining , then it was cold , the average high for the month around fifty . 
 typically , the attire for both men and women was a windbreaker , jeans , boots , gloves , with optional thermal underwear . 
 but then again , maybe this woman was a light dresser . 
 maybe she was menopausal and she 'd just had a hot flash . 
 maybe she 'd ripped her clothes off as she thrashed about in the cold water . 
 or maybe she 'd been going at it with él capîtan and slipped and fell off the edge . 
 who knows ? 
 anyhow , the trees gave way to the black rock and i slowly began lowering myself down the steep bluff . 
 it was far from a sheer drop-off , the grade about the same as the steps in a football stadium . 
 except instead of steps there was jagged quartzite and instead of falling into the arms of a drunken fan , you fell into the teeth of an angry shark . 
 as i mentioned before , the area directly behind my house was shaped like a crescent . 
 it was a stretch of rock separated by two bluffs which my mother had referred to as prescott cove . 
 i should also point out that whereas along other parts of the shore the water lapped nonchalantly against the banks , the water in prescott cove was white and angry . 
 which , if you 'd known my father , might have been another reason it got its name . 
 i stopped to get my bearings at a relatively flat section of rock twenty vertical feet above the crashing surf . 
 it was high tide and the small powerful waves came in six-second intervals . 
 the waves would sweep in high on the face of the opposing bluffs a milky white , two separate forces destined for a head-on collision , and then they would become one , sending a violent surge of white water high into the air . 
 droplets of spray found me , as well as the stark revelation that my present undertaking was a bad , bad , bad idea . 
 the sun was sucking in its final breaths before plunging its head beneath the cold water , and i figured i had less than two minutes before i was engulfed in darkness . 
 after two more explosions of water on rock , i still had n't seen any sign of the woman . 
 there was a strong possibility her body had been carried by the undertow and sucked from the cove , whereby it would become someone else 's problem . 
 and good riddance , as they say . 
 i decided to give it one more wave before hightailing it up the rock while i could still find my hand in front of me . 
 then i saw her , her body twisting and rolling in the white water just off the rock bank . 
 i nearly made a dash for it . 
 i caught myself , and seconds later the cove erupted . 
 the blast would have sent me reeling into the icy water . 
 at this point it dawned on me it was going to be impossible to extract the woman from the freezing water without getting soaked myself . 
 i removed my wallet and wedged it between two rocks . 
 got to keep those benjamins dry . 
 the water calmed , but the woman had disappeared . 
 a moment later , her body popped up , rolling against the rocks . 
 this was my first good look at the body . 
 or what was left of it . 
 her right arm was missing at the shoulder . 
 both legs had been stripped down to the bone . 
 huge chunks of flesh had been ripped from her torso . 
 the remaining flesh was a chalky purple and the exposed bone stained a deep red . 
 it was evident the body had been attacked by something . 
 mauled . 
 i 'd said sharks earlier , but a more likely scenario was killer whales . 
 they were abundant in these waters and although it was rare , they did attack humans . 
 but the odds were this woman was dead hours , or even days , before the feast . 
 i jumped down the last couple feet and huddled behind a large boulder . 
 the blast came , showering me in salt water . 
 i wiped my eyes and waited for the woman to resurface . 
 she popped up and i took the four strides to the edge of the churning sound . 
 i could hear the next wave making its approach , but i was at the point of no return . 
 i lowered myself onto the rock and wrenched my arm under the woman 's remaining arm . 
 the body rose with the incoming wave and i pulled the woman up and out of the water . 
 the blast came , spraying the two of us in a couple thousand gallons of sea water . 
 freezing would be an understatement . 
 it was a biting cold , one that clawed at your very insides . 
 i coughed a couple dozens times before pushing myself off the rock . 
 i then dragged what was left of the woman to a haven behind a large boulder . 
 my chest was heaving as i turned and looked out on the dark water . 
 the sun was gone , a faint reddish glow all that remained . 
 i turned my attention to the body . 
 the woman was even worse off than at first glance . 
 maybe a third of her body remained , reduced to mere bones and torn flesh . 
 half her torso was eaten down to the ribs , and her entrails spilled out through her lower abdomen . 
 her head and neck had for the most part been spared . 
 i brushed the woman 's dark hair from her face . 
 if i had my doubts this woman was killed by shamu and friends , now i was positive she was n't . 
 i 'd only heard of a handful of killer whale attacks , and i 'd never heard of a killer whale carrying a gun . 
 there , just above the woman 's left eye , was the distinct fingerprint of a bullet . 
 a small black hole . 
 chapter 4 i considered draping the corpse over my shoulder , but the thought was fleeting . 
 the chances of going up the way i 'd come down were slim , so i reluctantly started down the path of route b. i found the trail and slowly began picking my way through the rocks . 
 as if the traverse were n't hard enough in the pitch dark , ten minutes into my hike , it started raining . 
 which quickly turned to hail . 
 awesome . 
 twenty minutes and 2,548 little hail daggers later , i pulled myself under the railing to the viewing platform . 
 this particular scenic overlook was fairly popular , and there was a small covered veranda illuminated by a handful of dimly lit bulbs . 
 informative posters clinging to the walls displayed what exactly people were paying fifty cents to look at . 
 another wall housed dozens of pamphlets promoting different ferries , tours , whale watching excursions , and various other ways for tourists to waste their money . 
 attached to the veranda was a public restroom as well as a pay phone . 
 i picked up the phone and dialed 911 . 
 i was asked if it was an emergency and i decided it was n't , seeing as how the lady had probably already been digested by whatever had eaten her , and i was put on hold . 
 i perused a pamphlet on the san juan islands as i waited . 
 apparently , it had never been a better time to visit the san juans . 
 i flipped over the pamphlet and read the copyright : 1992 . 
 the woman came back on the line and after a short conversation told me , and i quote , `` being that it 's thanksgiving and all , it will be about an hour before we can get anybody out there . '' 
 i told her i did n't think the dead lady with the bullet hole in her forehead cared what day it was and hung up . 
 i trekked the half mile back to my place . 
 i pulled off my soaked garments , tossed them on the floor , and made my way upstairs into the bathroom lacy and i had shared as children . 
 my sister had a thing for flamingos , and they were everywhere . 
 toothbrush holder , shower curtain , kleenex box . 
 you name it and it had a flamingo on it . 
 there was a flamingo pink rug as well as a matching flamingo pink toilet seat cover . 
 two towels hung from a towel rod and each was adorned with -- you guessed it -- a giant fucking flamingo . 
 i had just wrapped a towel around my waist and was heading for my dad 's closet for some duds when i heard a knock at the door . 
 it 'd only been twenty minutes since i 'd spoken with one of seattle 's finest , but i was n't expecting anybody else , so i was led to believe someone of the law enforcement variety was standing on my doorstep . 
 i waddled down the stairs . 
 i 'm not sure who i 'd been expecting on the other side of the door , but i can assure you it was n't this . 
 this being a woman clad in a red turtleneck sweater -- the tight fitting kind , mind you -- black pleated pants and a standard issue .45 holstered on her right hip . 
 from my experience , oil and vinegar mix better than women and guns . 
 just saying . 
 i noticed the car on the far side of the street . 
 it was an unmarked car , tan , probably a chevy . 
 so she either worked for the irs or she was a homicide detective . 
 the woman raised a badge to eye level and said , `` detective erica frost . 
 seattle police department . '' 
 so i was n't getting audited after all . 
 i asked , `` did you guys get new uniforms or something ? '' 
 if they had , bras were apparently optional . 
 i mean , she looked like she was smuggling honeydews . 
 not that i was complaining . 
 she glanced down at her sweater . 
 `` i was at a thanksgiving get together . '' 
 raising her eyes to check out my damp , towel-clad form , she added , `` you obviously were not . '' 
 `` i ordered pizza . '' 
 she stared at me . 
 `` i went with the hawaiian . '' 
 no response . 
 `` that 's pineapple and canadian bacon to the laymen . '' 
 again . 
 just stared . 
 `` dominos . '' 
 a little nod . 
 `` the kid on the phone talked me into getting the cinnamon breadsticks . '' 
 `` sorry i missed it . '' 
 `` me too . '' 
 i should mention detective erica frost was attractive in that tongue hit your boot sort of way . 
 of course , if she 'd been ugly i would have been slightly less annoying . 
 slightly . 
 she had wavy brown hair , light brown , almost hazel eyes , and looked like a poster girl for pilates . 
 i should also mention i was mesmerized by her sweater . 
 it was my hero . 
 she was eyeing my towel again and said , `` nice flamingo . '' 
 i looked myself up and down . 
 `` frank . '' 
 she looked confused . 
 `` frank the flamingo . '' 
 eye roll . 
 `` you came alone ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` where 's your partner ? '' 
 `` i did n't see any reason to call him . '' 
 `` what if i was a bad guy ? '' 
 erica frost probably felt like i was patronizing her , but i was n't . 
 at least not completely . 
 a few years back , i 'd come across a serial killer who would report a crime , then ambush the first officer to arrive . 
 he killed four officers and two detectives before we caught him . 
 i could n't help but notice erica 's hand was now resting on the butt of her pistol . 
 i think she was toying with the notion of shooting me . 
 she would n't be the first . 
 nor the last . 
 she asked , `` well , are you a bad guy ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but people say i can be an asshole . '' 
 `` imagine that . '' 
 apparently , she 'd already come to this conclusion on her own , but she stepped into the foyer nonetheless . 
 `` are you going to tell me your name or am i just supposed to guess ? '' 
 frosty this one . 
 `` thomas . '' 
 `` thomas what ? '' 
 `` just thomas . 
 they ran out of last names before they got to my family . 
 we 're on a waiting list . '' 
 she sighed , a heavy one . 
 `` well thomas , do you want to show me to this body ? '' 
 `` sure thing . 
 but we 're going to need flashlights . '' 
 `` i have a couple in my car . '' 
 she ran out to get them and i ran upstairs . 
 i grabbed an old pair of my dad 's gray sweat pants and a red hooded sweatshirt . 
 erica was standing in the foyer when i made my way downstairs . 
 she did n't comment on the fact that i looked like an ad for russell athletic . 
 she thrust a flashlight in my hand and we made our way outside . 
 the storm had subsided , but it was still drizzling , which did n't seem to bother erica in the slightest . 
 although , to be fair , to your native seattleite , drizzle was about as mundane as breathing . 
 i flopped up the hood on my sweatshirt and said , `` nice night . '' 
 she did n't comment on this and i took her silence as agreement . 
 as we started around back , i informed erica of the options for getting to the body . 
 she lobbied for the quickest path and i went on to explain the dangers . 
 i did a bit of exaggerating , a decent amount of embellishing , and even a couple of outright lies . 
 and yes , when i was finished , route a did carry a remarkable likeness to that of the fire swamp from the princess bride . 
 but i 'd already risked my life twice on a day i 'd been penciled in to do so zero times . 
 again , she thought i was mocking her and started picking her way down the bluff . 
 i yelled that i 'd meet her down there in about half an hour . 
 she scoffed . 
 `` c’mon , it 's a little hill . '' 
 one , this thing ate hills for breakfast . 
 two , it was pitch dark . 
 three , it had been hailing for the past thirty minutes . 
 and four , there were quicksand pits and r.o.u.s. 's -lrb- rodents of unusual size . -rrb- 
 had n't she been listening ? 
 she shrugged and said , `` suit yourself . '' 
 she continued down and i reluctantly started after her . 
 when i caught up with her , i said , `` that 's a pretty spiffy sweater . 
 i 'd take it off if i were you . '' 
 `` how ` bout not . '' 
 `` worth a try . '' 
 `` stop trying . '' 
 `` noted . '' 
 i thought perhaps erica would have let me take the lead seeing as how 1 -rrb- i 'd done this only hours earlier , 2 -rrb- this was my backyard , 3 -rrb- i knew the best path to the water , and 4 -rrb- i had a penis . 
 she veered off to the left and found a trail . 
 i guess not . 
 i said , `` it 's better to stay in the trees . '' 
 it was more difficult and time consuming , but if you fell in the trees there was something to hang onto . 
 erica cut her eyes at me and said , `` thanks , but if i want your help , i 'll ask for it . '' 
 yikes . 
 after two or three minutes , erica had a substantial lead on me . 
 i could see the beam of her flashlight bobbing and weaving thirty feet below me . 
 i grabbed hold of the trunk of a large madrona and lowered myself down a couple feet . 
 the soil was slippery and i nearly lost my footing . 
 when i righted myself , i noticed the beam of erica 's flashlight was no longer visible . 
 i called her name but only a dull echo responded . 
 i 'm not sure if she was physically unable to answer or if her pride was caught in her throat . 
 i picked my way down to where i 'd last seen her and continued to shout her name . 
 after a couple seconds , i heard a faint , `` over here . '' 
 i headed in that direction . 
 after about thirty seconds of `` marco , polo , '' i found her . 
 i shined my flashlight in her face . 
 she squinted her eyes against the light . 
 `` you okay , sport ? '' 
 i tried for my most concerned tone . 
 she 'd slid about twenty feet down and was hanging onto an exposed root jutting from the ground . 
 half her body dangled off a steep drop-off . 
 i watched as she attempted to pull herself up , but the incline was too steep and she could n't get a footing . 
 i inched closer and shined the flashlight down on the terrain below . 
 if she lost her grip she was going to go for quite the tumble . 
 it would go something like crash , bang , slice , snap , splash , gurgle , eulogy . 
 she forced a smile . 
 `` never better . '' 
 `` really , because you do n't look like you 're all right . '' 
 she made a noise . 
 `` did you know you 're dangling off a fifty-foot drop-off ? '' 
 `` i 'm aware of that . '' 
 she had an underlying defiance in her voice that i did n't appreciate . 
 `` have you ever seen the english patient ? '' 
 `` the movie ? '' 
 `` yeah , the movie the english patient . 
 the one where the guy goes to the desert and gets sick . '' 
 `` sure . 
 yeah . 
 sounds familiar . '' 
 `` man , does it take him awhile to die . 
 what , like , almost four hours ? '' 
 `` uh . 
 yeah , long , uh , long movie . '' 
 she glanced at her fingers , they appeared to be tiring . 
 `` what do you suppose he had ? '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` the guy from that movie . 
 what do you suppose he had ? 
 you know , to make him so sick ? '' 
 she opened and closed her eyes a couple times . 
 i could tell she was really wracking her brain for this . 
 or maybe she was getting exhausted from hanging off a cliff . 
 probably a combination of the two . 
 finally she said , `` um , he had cancer . 
 yeah . 
 some sort of cancer . '' 
 `` cancer , huh . 
 you sure ? 
 i 'm thinking it was some sort of pox . 
 chicken or small . '' 
 `` could have been . '' 
 her fingers were going frantic , slipping , readjust ting . 
 she looked up . 
 the defiance was gone , swapped for pure and utter panic . 
 she said , `` um , listen , do you suppose you could lend me a hand here ? '' 
 i bent down , grabbed her arm , and pulled her up . 
 she was surprisingly light . 
 her flashlight had come to rest about six feet from her . 
 i plucked it from the mud and wiped the lens clean with my sleeve . 
 i handed it back to her , gave her a soft pat on the shoulder , and started picking my way down the bluff . 
 through the trees , of course . 
 from that point on , erica followed behind me . 
 chapter 5 after a couple minutes of silence , i turned and asked the detective , who was nipping at my heels , `` do you mind my asking how old you are ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i waited for her to elaborate . 
 she did not . 
 i turned and stared at her . 
 she said , `` i 'll be 26 in two weeks . '' 
 `` you 're 25 ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` is n't that pretty young for a detective ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i guess so . 
 the rule of thumb is usually three years working the beat , but when the position opened up i was the obvious choice . '' 
 i knew the rule of thumb . 
 `` and when was this ? '' 
 `` about ten days ago . '' 
 i stopped and turned . 
 `` are you shitting me ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 i wanted to tell detective erica frost what i used to tell my students on the first day of class . 
 `` do n't do this . 
 walk out that door right now and find something else . 
 it will ruin you . 
 it will eat you up from the inside . 
 it will rip out your heart and poison your brain . 
 you 've all seen ghostbusters ? 
 it 's like where they put all those ghosts . 
 you store them in this little part of your brain . 
 a part you ca n't see , a part they do n't have a name for , a part that wo n't show up on a cat scan , and you lock them away . 
 now , it might be thirty years from now , but eventually something is going to flip that switch and let all those ghosts loose . 
 and you ca n't put them back . 
 you ca n't ever lock them up again . 
 do yourself a favor , get up , walk out that door , and never look back . '' 
 in three semesters only one kid left . 
 he became a real estate agent . 
 then one of his clients killed him . 
 life 's funny sometimes . 
 erica snapped me from my reverie . 
 `` and what do you do for a living ? '' 
 `` i 'm retired . '' 
 `` well , what is it you used to do ? '' 
 `` i used to be a party planner . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you do n't strike me as the type . '' 
 `` yep . 
 i specialized in retirement and going away . '' 
 `` you 're serious ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 why ? 
 you need something planned ? 
 i also do graduation and coming out . '' 
 `` not right now . 
 but if i do you 're the first person i 'll call . '' 
 we made it to the small landing where i 'd stopped earlier . 
 we both swept our flashlights over the dark water . 
 the tide had gone out and had taken the white water with it . 
 erica moved her flashlight to the area just to our right and said , `` is that a wallet ? '' 
 she knelt down and pulled my wallet from where i 'd hid it just an hour earlier . 
 `` it 's probably the killer 's . '' 
 figured i 'd throw that out there . 
 she ignored me . 
 she flipped the wallet open and shined her flashlight on the license . 
 she looked from the license to me , then back to the license , then back to me . 
 `` six foot . 
 brown hair . 
 blue eyes . 
 180 lbs . '' 
 she flipped the wallet closed and handed it to me . 
 then she said with a smirk , `` consider yourself a suspect , mr. prescott . '' 
 i smiled , took the wallet from her , and put it in my pocket . 
 the body was where i 'd left it . 
 erica sidled up to what was left of the woman , training her flashlight on the partially devoured flesh . 
 she went down on her haunches , wrinkling her nose in the process . 
 i guess the smell was getting to her . 
 she looked up at me and asked , `` what do you suppose happened to her ? '' 
 `` probably some killer whales nibbling on her . 
 there 's a bunch of other stuff out there . 
 sharks , sea dogs , giant salmon . 
 all kinds of weird stuff . '' 
 just ask captain nemo . 
 erica pulled a latex glove from her pocket and slipped it onto her right hand . 
 she grabbed the woman 's chin and gently lolled it to the side . 
 she looked up at me , then back at the woman . 
 her mouth was gaping and i prodded , `` i 'm guessing you know who she is ? '' 
 `` you do n't ? '' 
 `` if i knew who she was , i would n't have referred to her as the dead lady with the bullet hole in her forehead . '' 
 `` this is ellen gray . '' 
 `` no way . '' 
 she nodded , and an evil smile lit her face . 
 i knew that smile all too well . 
 without her saying a word , i knew she 'd just caught the case of a lifetime . 
 a career maker . 
 i asked , `` are you sure this is ellen gray ? '' 
 `` positive . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe it . '' 
 `` yep . 
 it 's her . '' 
 `` can i ask you one question ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` who the fuck is ellen gray ? '' 
 she gave me an inquisitive glare . 
 `` you really do n't know ? '' 
 i really did n't and shook my head . 
 `` she 's the governor of washington . '' 
 we both looked at the body and i said , `` you mean was . '' 
 chapter 6 the wheels were in motion . 
 thanksgiving was about to end for a whole lot of people . 
 the plan was for me to hike back up to the house and wait for the cavalry to arrive . 
 then play sherpa . 
 which of course i would n't do . 
 i 'd done my part . 
 i 'd found the body . 
 called the authorities . 
 passed the buck . 
 my hands were clean . 
 i would have to give a short statement to the crime scene recorder and then i could forget all about my thirty-third thanksgiving , erica frost , and ellen gray . 
 speaking of ellen , after erica had made a couple phone calls , she 'd spent the next few minutes filling me in on the ex-governor of washington . 
 according to erica , ellen gray had been the governor of washington the past term and had been up for reelection this fall . 
 which means she was first elected four years after i 'd bid the evergreen state farewell . 
 apparently , on october 15 -- roughly six weeks before -- the governor went for a sunday afternoon hike in the north cascades , a weekly routine during which she allowed no one -- not her daughters , her husband , any of her closest friends , not even someone from her security detail -- to accompany her . 
 she 'd been chided for this repeatedly , but she would n't budge . 
 it was her single , solitary , block of time away from the public , from the demands of family , friends , and the entire state of washington . 
 governor gray had not been seen again . 
 within hours of her disappearance , the largest search and rescue operation in washington history was under way . 
 thirty helicopters , a thousand uniformed men , one hundred public officials , and an outreach of citizens so overwhelming they had to start turning people away . 
 twelve hours into the search , the governor 's backpack was found , nestled in a bush at the edge of a glacial ravine six miles deep into the mountains . 
 it contained a ziploc bag of trailmix , a north cascades map , a disposable camera , some benadryl , and a bottled water . 
 no other traces of ellen would be found . 
 the search went on for days , then weeks . 
 she 'd vanished . 
 for the first couple weeks , erica said , you could n't escape the story . 
 it ran on every channel , every minute of every day . 
 the public demanded answers . 
 was it an accident ? 
 people went missing and died in the treacherous north cascades all the time . 
 had she slipped and fallen into one of the many raging rivers ? 
 did she fall into one of the many glacial ravines as her backpack would indicate ? 
 had she been attacked by a bear or a mountain lion ? 
 these were the most logical of answers , but the many conspiracy theorists felt governor gray had been kidnapped . 
 or murdered . 
 as always , the husband had been the primary suspect . 
 but adam gray was n't your ordinary husband ; he was a lawyer , a lawyer who according to miss frost had just this september been named as one of forbes 100 most powerful people . 
 adam was used to the spotlight and flourished in it . 
 he had a solid alibi , but the overall consensus from folks was that he was still somehow involved in his wife 's disappearance . 
 but over time , as no evidence surfaced , people began to accept that their beloved governor had died in a tragic accident . 
 finally , on the second tuesday of november , a funeral for ellen ann gray was held . 
 a small private ceremony for friends and family was held , as well as a public funeral at qwest stadium . 
 every seat of the 72,000-capacity stadium was occupied with another 40,000 watching on the telescreen at nearby safeco field . 
 a reported three million people tuned in at home . 
 schools were canceled . 
 businesses closed for the day . 
 a city mourned . 
 forty-three days later , ellen gray 's body was found . 
 ... a seattle sheriff 's department patrol car was parked in my drive when i reached the house . 
 its red and blue lights danced in the moonlight and its windshield wipers sloshed to and fro in a losing battle with the returning rain . 
 i rapped on the driver 's side window and two cops stepped out . 
 both wore blue windbreakers and mustaches . 
 their names were bill and ted . 
 seriously . 
 i was tempted to ask them where their phone booth was but decided against it . 
 ted was the crime scene recorder and he made me sign my name , give a saliva swab , recite my atm code , and do a ten-second headstand . 
 i 'm lying about the last few , of course , but i was officially logged in , subject to deposition , and basically at the county 's disposal . 
 at least cole trickle was . 
 they asked what the fastest way down to the crime scene was and i told them the gondola . 
 ted laughed . 
 bill did n't . 
 i directed them to where the hill began and said , `` it 's steep . 
 do n't trip . 
 have an excellent adventure . '' 
 they started down and i headed for the door . 
 in about an hour this place was going to be a three-ring circus . 
 the patrol car blinking in my drive would be joined by about five of his brethren and god knows what else . 
 not to mention , if the ellen gray story leaked -- and it would , and quickly -- the news vans might get here before the police cruisers . 
 after drying off , i went to the kitchen , grabbed another slice of pizza , and retired to the living room , flopping into the black recliner . 
 twenty minutes passed when i heard the first thwack of an approaching helicopter . 
 i could see its light move over my house and disappear into prescott cove . 
 the bigwigs had arrived . 
 i went to the front door and peered through the peephole . 
 i counted five police cars , three unmarked chevys , and a large van with seattle county forensics inscribed on the side . 
 no sign of any media moguls . 
 yet . 
 i made my way out to the balcony and surveyed the scene below . 
 a series of lights had been erected and i could make out six or seven people milling about on the small landing five hundred feet below . 
 the rain had softened a bit , coming down at a steep angle through the bright light . 
 it looked like they were shooting a scene in a movie . 
 if i squinted , i could just barely make out ellen gray playing the role of half eaten dead governor . 
 she committed to the scene like few could . 
 i smelled an oscar nomination . 
 a man in a suit leaned over the body . 
 it was immediately evident he was the leading man , the actor who commanded $ 15 million a picture . 
 it was obvious he was calling the shots . 
 crime scene photographer squatted and took snapshots . 
 hot detective in red sweater conversed with cop 1 -lrb- bill -rrb- and cop 2 -lrb- ted . -rrb- 
 plus , a bunch of stagehands in the shadows . 
 crime scenes are far less exciting than people think . 
 within fifteen minutes the body had been bagged and most of the people had departed . 
 they left the lights on for the science geeks -- who would comb over the area with tweezers and ultraviolet lights and bunsen burners -- but by 9:00 p.m. all the major players were playing to the cameras in the street . 
 on this note , i made my way upstairs into lacy 's old bedroom and to her window . 
 it had a good angle to the street and i counted five news vans . 
 lots of prime numbers . 
 plus cnn . 
 i soaked up the scene for a couple minutes , then heard a knock at the door . 
 i descended the stairs and pulled the door open . 
 there were three of them . 
 my good friend erica frost and two gentlemen . 
 the man on erica 's left had unruly black hair plastered to his forehead , which complemented an untidy beard the same color . 
 he had designer glasses pushed down on his nose and wore a white lab coat over a stained white undershirt . 
 his glasses were foggy from the rain and the man pulled them off , lifted his undershirt , and began massaging the lenses . 
 in lifting his shirt , he exposed a thick belly of coarse black hair . 
 he was covered in hair . 
 hands , forearms , tufts peeking from his shirt . 
 it was like the cro-magnon man meets peter jackson . 
 the man to erica 's right was the man i 'd seen leaning over ellen gray 's corpse . 
 the leading man . 
 he was a good-enough looking fellow with receding blonde curls and a heavy ten o’clock shadow . 
 he had two inches on me , twenty pounds , and ten years . 
 tiny crow 's - feet had begun to adhere at the edges of his eyes , but overall he 'd aged well since i 'd last seen him . 
 his nose had been broken once . 
 i 'd know -- i broke it . 
 erica smiled and said , `` thomas , i 'd like to introduce dr. hans rebstien , seattle 's chief medical examiner , as well as detective sergeant ethan kates . '' 
 hans put his glasses back on then broke into a wide smile . 
 he extended his hand and said , `` thomaz . 
 thomaz . 
 zo good to zee you again . '' 
 hans was from germany and still carried a thick accent . 
 apparently they do n't make s 's in germany . 
 erica looked on , perplexed . 
 surely , she was wondering why thomas the party planner knew hans the medical examiner . 
 her confusion would increase . 
 i acknowledged ethan with a nod . 
 if you looked up self-righteous prick on wikipedia , a picture of ethan kates would come up . 
 i said , `` so you 're a sergeant now . '' 
 ethan was always chewing gum . 
 in the two years i worked with him , i 'd never seen him when he was n't chewing his cud . 
 tonight was no different . 
 he took three chomps on the right side of his mouth , then switched sides . 
 three more chomps . 
 erica put her hands up and said , `` wait . 
 how do you know these guys ? '' 
 `` i 'll let you in on a secret . 
 i was n't a party planner . 
 `` she furrowed her brow . 
 `` you were a cop ? '' 
 `` detective . 
 homicide . 
 same as you . '' 
 ethan took another chomp and said , `` let 's cut the bullshit , prescott . 
 what the fuck are you doing here ? '' 
 i raised my eyebrows . 
 `` um , i live here . 
 usually when someone answers the door and stands in the doorway , it 's because they live there . '' 
 this guy was a detective ? 
 he nodded to himself and started chomping again , then he looked at erica . 
 `` this is the guy who found the body . '' 
 it was less of a question and more of an accusation . 
 she nodded . 
 ethan 's cell phone rang and he flipped it open . 
 he took a couple steps backward and put the phone to his ear . 
 erica took a step forward and said , `` how long were you with the spd ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i did a year on the beat , then i was a detective for a couple years . '' 
 `` what precinct ? '' 
 `` south . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 ethan was back and answered for me , `` he was let go . '' 
 erica stared at me . 
 `` you were fired ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i stole some office supplies . '' 
 i 'd really needed a hole-punch . 
 life or death . 
 ethan smiled . 
 `` actually , he beat a suspect to within an inch of his life . 
 the city was sued for millions . '' 
 i kept my eyes on erica . 
 `` he raped and beat a thirteen-year-old girl . '' 
 ethan had testified against me in court . 
 the city was sued for $ 7 million and the case against the scumbag was dropped . 
 i , of course , was sent packing the next day . 
 i may or may not have smashed ethan 's face against a locker on my departure . 
 i locked eyes with ethan and said , `` if i could go back and do it all over again , i would have killed him . '' 
 this drew silence from everyone . 
 ethan and i were left staring at one another . 
 the two alpha males . 
 there were a couple dozen people on this planet who would relish mr. thomas dergen prescott ceasing to exist . 
 in fact , i had a note in a safety deposit box somewhere with a list of suspects should i take a bullet in the temple , get pushed in front of a greyhound , or develop a suspicious case of necrotizing fasciitis . 
 ethan kates was n't at the top of the list , but his name was on there . 
 ethan chomped on his gum and smirked . 
 i was tempted to rearrange some more of his cartilage . 
 erica finally broke the tension . 
 she touched me lightly on the elbow and said , `` why do n't you tell these guys how you found the body . '' 
 i took a deep breath and started in . 
