 stranger copyright 2014 domenic marbaniang published by domenic marbaniang at smashwords first published as the chronicles of sin : the city of magic on amazon and lulu , 2013 . 
 smashwords edition license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only , then please return to smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 table of contents a mysterious encounter the bridge of time the city of magic a cop and a map the red book delight park luxuria the chase piety and faith the guardian clever and the fair chance , fate , and avaritia a narrow escape sophia stranger sloth superbia the trial dream is to night what truth is to light ! 
 a mysterious encounter the dim lights flickered on the street as i turned in the key and got inside my house . 
 it was dark . 
 so , i reached my hand to turn on the lights when i heard a strangely sweet but cynical voice , `` would you really do that ? 
 for the moment you do that you 'll die ! '' 
 my heart stopped for a moment and chilly sweat drops broke onto my forehead . 
 i felt numb and powerless . 
 i shuddered , wanting to open the door and flee but was motionless . 
 then into the pale moonlight creeping through the window walked the tall silhouette of a woman dressed in a dark robe and a hood pulled over . 
 by her waist hung the appearance of a sheathed sword . 
 `` sit down ! '' 
 she ordered . 
 i slumped into the chair . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i mumbled to ask . 
 she walked out of the silhouette and came closer to me . 
 she had the venomous fragrance of a thousand roses from the vale of death . 
 `` would you really know me ? 
 yet , i am not unknown to any human and my praise echoes in the corridors of the darkest regions . 
 light and wisdom are dalliances of leisure . 
 i reign in the deepest realities of mortal hearts . 
 and , deep beneath the outward mask of their talks of reason , boils the volcanic furnace of my invincible treason . 
 i am the invincible one , the all sovereign , the orchestrator of all vice , the mother of death ! 
 by me are wars raged , cities ravaged , and histories erased . 
 by me is order and confusion , darkness and light . 
 for me are cities built , economies constructed , markets invented , and commodities made . 
 my voice do all mortals obey ; princes and paupers , sinners and saints , preachers and hearers , the wise and the fool : they make no difference to me -- all have bled under my blade . 
 my kingdom is the largest and my servants as numerous as the stars of the sky . 
 would there be anyone who would heap up words and statements to despise my strength , i would meet him in a place that he considers safest and there watch him turn pale , numb , powerless , and fall before my face . 
 i invalidate their reason and falsify their beliefs by turning their bestial passions over them . 
 my name is dreaded in the monasteries and shunned in the universities . 
 yet , none can escape my power ; my venomous arrows lay plunged like barbed hooks in their hearts . 
 they know me by different names in different lands . 
 some call me good and some call me bad , some call me natural and others call me infernal -lsb- she laughed sinisterly here -rsb- ; a few think i am a kind of disease that must be cured ... '' she touched the hilt of her blade , pulled it a little and pushed it back -- my heart thumped . 
 `` i am sin . '' 
 she said . 
 at this moment my mind felt like a black hole ; it almost felt that it would explode from the pressure of confusion and tedious emptiness that increased with every word i heard . 
 `` sin ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 she unsheathed her sword and it dazzled in the moonlight . 
 she raised it towards me , i cringed ; she said : `` should n't you see the world of the neither-not , where ideas live and where battles are fought ? 
 to a world unseen ; to the world of thought ; to the world where now rests your lot to remain with me and be conveyed across these fringes of time to death 's dark house ! '' 
 and , she turned her sword and there seemed to be worms of light rushing over the blade in such velocity that within the twinkling of an eye there were sparks , a blaze , a crackling explosion and i found myself standing on an endless bridge over an endless ocean . 
 there was no sun or moon or star above , but the sky was filled with a pale reddish light resembling a dusky evening all over . 
 the only difference was that this evening seemed to be endless . 
 there were people of all sorts walking over the broad bridge , and there were dim lamp posts , sign posts , every here and there . 
 many people were reading the posts as they walked ; some looked confident , but most appeared confused . 
 for a moment , i was caught away in watching the people and the things around , but then my eyes fell on two young men fighting with each other with switchblades in hand and i remembered the lady and the vision , but could n't understand what was happening . 
 i thought to myself , `` this must be a dream '' and so pinched myself to wake me up , but i was still there on that endless bridge , seemingly all lost . 
 the two young men had now reached at a handbreadth of me as they yelled and struck at each other . 
 one of them was about to tip over me , but i held out my hands to hold him and cried , `` stop ! 
 stop ! 
 stop it ! 
 why do you fight ? '' 
 he pushed me away and i staggered to fall , but then i felt that some hands had come behind me and restored my balance . 
 i turned around and saw a heavy-built man who appeared to be a police officer . 
 he did n't look at me but rushed towards the young men , who on seeing him began to run away . 
 he chased them for a few yards and then stopped and returned . 
 i said , `` you should have caught them ; for , they 'll get away and find another place to fight and kill each other ! '' 
 `` if one of them really needed to be defended , he would have submitted to me , '' he replied . 
 `` if both of them really want to kill each other , then let them kill each other and die ; for , we ca n't keep them perpetually in jail anyway . '' 
 `` but should n't you stop them from such evil , seeing that they are bent on killing themselves ? '' 
 `` what difference is it to you and me , if they are up for a duel and have agreed to kill each other ? 
 they are a law unto themselves , '' he replied . 
 `` but , then if you allow this , then by the same token you ought also to allow it if everyone decided to kill each other ; then , would n't that be the greatest self-destruction of people , society , and humanity ? '' 
 he stared at me with a vexed glance and then said , `` i think , stranger , that you 're wasting both your time and mine . 
 you seem to have come here to tour this country and so seem to be having plenty of time ; but i have none . 
 sorry , i have to go . '' 
 and so saying , he proceeded to go away in the direction from which he had come , opposite to that in which the two young men had gone ; but then turning around while walking backwards away , he quipped , `` if everyone in the world decided to kill each other , no law or law enforcement would be able to prevent them from doing so . '' 
 so he said and then turned around and walked away into the twilight . 
 i watched him disappear and was very much perplexed by what he had said . 
 i did n't feel it right that the two young men were left to the fate that their passions had triggered in their souls . 
 yet , i also knew that every man could n't have a policeman after him to stop him from an evil that he felt he had reasons to do , or at least , could n't avoid doing . 
 `` do n't such ` reasons ' solidify into rules and , when accepted on a major scale , become laws of society ; so that what was once considered noble is today considered to be oppression ? '' 
 i began to walk in the direction in which the two boys had fled , not knowing where to go . 
 there were a greater number of people walking in that direction and it seemed safer to me to be with the crowd . 
 i walked for a little while in this manner , but the more i walked , the longer the bridge seemed to grow , and i began to feel anxious and tired . 
 i thought to stop and rest for a moment , and so went to the rail of the bridge and leaned on it with my arms , looking out at the vast expanse of the ocean . 
 `` are you lost ? '' 
 a voice asked , and i turned around . 
 the bridge of time the man was old and had a stern , rigid face . 
 his flowing gray hair and beard were neatly groomed , and his robe was plain and dazzling white . 
 the furrows on his forehead were deeply cut , seemingly produced by intense and constant thinking , and in his right hand he held a stone tablet with something engraved in it . 
 `` sir , some strange events have happened to me today , '' i said , `` you seem to me to be a wise man and perhaps you can solve these riddles that i 'm entrapped in . 
 i saw a lady dressed in black who called herself sin -lsb- at this moment his eyes became tense , and my voice as well -rsb- ; and all of a sudden i find myself in this bridge and ca n't tell if it is a dream or if it is real . 
 i do not know where to go and what to do ! '' 
 `` did you see the face of sin ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i answered , `` she stopped me from turning on the light . '' 
 `` that 's right , for light quickens her fatal powers , and only death can live in the presence of sin . '' 
 i was puzzled . 
 he continued , `` either sin brings you to death or death takes you away from sin ; there is no other way around . '' 
 i was perplexed . 
 `` am i dead , then ? '' 
 i asked . 
 it seemed i had more reasons to think this so ; though i was still wondering about the events that had only transpired a few moments ago . 
 `` you are on the bridge that leads to life or death , '' he answered . 
 `` which is the direction to life ? '' 
 i quickly asked . 
 `` there are no directions here . 
 it all depends on what you do . '' 
 `` what i do ? '' 
 `` yes , what you do . 
 there are many lamps and sign posts here that people of all kinds , wise in their own eyes , have hung or nailed in behind . 
 these do the simple and unwise keenly peruse , admire , and try to emulate . 
 but , they only tend towards confusion . 
 the wise read my instructions and walk into the domain of life . '' 
 so saying , he walked to an empty post on the railing and inserted the stone tablet that he held into a casing on it , and suddenly out of the tablet beamed light . 
 a few passersby stopped to look at the light and as soon as they had seen it , i saw a dark cloud envelop them , and in a moment they were gone . 
 my knees trembled in confusion and fright . 
 the old man stared at me with cold indifference . 
 `` you may have wondered what has happened to them , '' he said `` they have looked at my light and have been claimed by sin and death . 
 everyone who looks at me sees himself as he is ; and he who has seen himself is done with the bridge of time . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you 've chosen to know me ; and when you 've seen me as i am , then you 'll know yourself and pass over this bridge without having to decide what to do and where to go . '' 
 `` who am i ? '' 
 my lips uttered , in doubtful hesitation . 
 he laughed , and he laughed , and the laughter grew louder and wild till the whole bridge shook and i sat down to prevent losing balance . 
 then he looked at me with a piercing glance and said , `` you are nothing apart from what i declare of you . 
 and , yet it is not i who make you . 
 every man is his own craftsman . 
 for , like a potter who guides his hand over the clay to give it its shape , so does every man guide his actions to give his life its shape ; and a man 's actions declare his identity . 
 mortal men choose to hide from my light under lamps they burn instead of me . 
 they call themselves by names and titles that have no significance for eternity . 
 they heap praises and amass praises under a delusive identity . 
 but , every man 's action is brought to light ; for no man can from my fiery eyes hide . 
 i rule over brute nature , and the strongest and the fiercest in the distant galaxies submit to me . 
 yet , my scepter is stayed from the world of humans by their defection to my most hateful enemy , hamartia , the dark robed lady who is also called sin . 
 with dark sorcery she blinds the eyes of these mortals so that they lose sight of me , and her dazzling sword spills the life from within their veins ; and , yet do both her son and she know that her strength of destruction derives from me ; for , it is not until she brings them under my bare light that she can carry them over this bridge of time to the kingdom of death . 
 in fact , it is through me that even sin has her identity . '' 
 `` what is your name and where do you live ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my name is law and i am the code of this universe . 
 by me do the heavenly bodies know their respective paths and revolutions , by me does the sun shine and the stars know to twinkle . 
 i live in the velocity of the winds , the charge of the lightning , the sound of the thunder , and the dance of the waves . 
 by me do the fish learn to swim , the deer learn to leap , and the birds learn to fly . 
 by me are the colors of the rainbow , of the lily , and of the butterfly . 
 it is i who determine the age of the moth and the mammoth alike . 
 i am the code of reason and the code of nature ; i am the code of justice , of pain and of pleasure . 
 i am the blueprint of the universe . 
 by me are the foundations of great civilizations laid ; departing from me , they crumble and fall . 
 he who is spotless in me will live forever ; but he who falters by a jot is unshielded to death 's darts . 
 i am blessing to the obedient and curse to the rebels ; delight to the angels and distress to the devils . 
 he who has known me has the key to the riddle of the universe . 
 he who has known me has known himself . '' 
 as he spoke those words , his countenance began to grow bright and his garments radiated such light that my eyes had difficulty to behold . 
 suddenly , his light beamed into the like of a giant luminous mirror and i saw my reflections on it in every contorted semblance . 
 the light of the images pierced my soul with such heavy shafts that i pulled my arm over my eyes and fell to the ground with a loud cry . 
 then , a dark cloud enveloped me and everything blacked out . 
 the city of magic `` welcome ! '' 
 said the voice . 
 i lifted up my eyes ; sin sat before me on a dark maroon throne . 
 i was surprised because i could see her face now , and it did n't look unfamiliar . 
 she wore the airs of autonomy and the contours of carelessness ; her eyes wore a rigid frown of despisal and distrust . 
 she looked energetic , elegant , and elite . 
 she wore a dark maroon royal robe and had a crown of sparkling diamonds on her head . 
 the throne she sat on had engravings of different living creatures ; the hood over the crest bore the semblance of a peacock 's feathers widespread , the resting arms projected with the heads of two lions , the apron or waist of the throne was girded with the semblance of a viper , and on the two outer sides beneath the arms were engravings of goats and swine in various postures ; the footstool was shaped like a toad , and six statues of lions guarded the steps to the throne , three on the right and three on the left . 
 over the canopy and on the walls around were oil lamps flickering with dim flames ; the lamps had the appearance of tortoise shells . 
 i saw that the walls were draped with hangings of intricate and exotic design and the floor was a glassy mosaic of yellow and brown resembling a chess board . 
 the room was palatial and vast . 
 `` you like this place , '' she observed . 
 i noticed that i did n't have any fear . 
 she did n't look unfamiliar . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i replied . 
 she smirked . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' she said with a smug , `` you 're already here . '' 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` this is the city of magic , '' she said , `` where dreams come true and thoughts ride on wings of fantasy ; where objects appear at the wish of the heart and images walk out of paint into reality . 
 here time is unknown and boredom is a name despised . 
 this is my city on the fringes of time , the shelter of angels and the stronghold of man . 
 here children grow wise and the young acquire skill ; they ride on fire and on the wings of the wind . '' 
 `` why am i here ? '' 
 i coldly asked . 
 she smiled and said , `` because you belong here ! '' 
 i felt confused . 
 but she continued , `` do n't be afraid of anything . 
 feel at home and be at ease ; for in a moment of this sequence you 'll see everything . '' 
 i did n't like her smile because it looked like the smile of triumph over me , and yet somehow it also seemed that she had triumphed . 
 i felt like i had lost my world to her . 
 she smiled again as if she read my thoughts and said , `` you think too much , young man ; it will hurt your brain . 
 you need to forget the past and learn to live in the present . '' 
 `` i must go back , '' i said . 
 `` you ask for the dripping rain drops to return to their clouds . '' 
 `` but , do n't they someday ? '' 
 `` if a bullet fired can return by itself to its barrel and an arrow shot can return to its bow , then may time be reversed and you return to the place you wish to go . '' 
 i despised the talk but felt helpless , yet also knew now that it was worthless talking to someone who i believed had caused this all . 
 she , apparently , read my feelings and sneered . 
 then she smugly said , `` i can read hurt and hatred in your eyes ; this is a good sign -- they are my marks of strength . '' 
 i scowled . 
 she smiled . 
 `` ca n't you see that you 're entering my world , '' she said , `` you 'll find this one much more meaningful . '' 
 then , placing her fingers on the heads of the lions on the arms of the throne , she began to softly brush their heads ; and suddenly , it seemed that all the heads of the lions twisted and gave a growl . 
 she smiled . 
 then , they began to roar and it seemed that fire came from their mouths , but in that very instant she and her throne with the lions and the entire chamber faded like the blending of images into the view of a heavily trafficked street with high buildings on both sides of the road , and i saw that i was standing in the pathway of the pedestrians leaning against a railing facing the road . 
 there were big cars and motors of various kinds madly rampaging the streets ; while men , women , and children were running as if they did n't have time . 
 there were shops and offices of various kinds in the buildings by which i surmised that this may be a market place . 
 it was also dark and there were heavy street lamps burning profusely and lighting up the street . 
 `` no beggars are allowed here , '' i heard somebody shout . 
 i turned right and saw a short , stout , man who by his uniform appeared to be a policeman . 
 he was looking at me threateningly . 
 i caught the direction of his eyes and looked at myself and was surprised that my clothes were torn and murky and all rags . 
 i felt deeply embarrassed . 
 he looked rudely at me and i understood his gesture to move away from that place . 
 the lights were beaming thick and hard ; and , i had an urgent desire to hide from the world . 
 i felt my hind pockets on the ragged trousers and was amazed that my wallet was there . 
 i took it out thinking , `` i may not have removed it when these things happened . '' 
 i examined the few notes in it and was surprised that they were different and had the image of sin in it and the signature of a governess named avaritia . 
 things looked confused and it was hard to say if the world felt really unreal or unreally real . 
 after a little while , i reached the end of the street and saw a garments store . 
 it had a luminous name board over it with the words `` liberal garments '' . 
 i entered in and saw that it was certainly a huge store with clothing departments of various kinds . 
 but , since i was in great embarrassment because of my condition and did n't like the way i looked in the mirrors all over the store , i quickly turned to a place where there were n't many people and began searching for a shirt . 
 i picked up a shirt and trousers and went inside the trial room to try and change . 
 in the trial room , i looked in the mirror and saw the rags . 
 they looked horrible . 
 so , i caught hold of them to remove them , but i could n't . 
 there was something that made it difficult for me to remove them . 
 i began to sweat and shiver , and was doing all i could to remove the rags , but nothing helped . 
 i tried in that manner for perhaps 30 minutes ; then , suddenly i heard some voices outside . 
 `` it seems somebody 's inside ! '' 
 a voice said . 
 `` it 's been locked for over 15 minutes now , '' another replied . 
 `` knock the door ! 
 a queue is building up , '' i heard someone say . 
 there was a rap on the door . 
 at that instant i looked in the mirror and a lion 's translucent face growled off my rags on the mirror . 
 i shut my eyes . 
 then , immediately i put on the shirt and trousers just over the rags and came out of the room trying to act as normal as i could . 
 i went to the counter , paid the price and walked out . 
 a cop and a map i felt thoroughly uncomfortable with the rags inside , but tried to appear as comfortable as possible on the outside . 
 someway , however , it seemed too difficult and i was afraid to be embarrassed . 
 the chain of events was a tangle too hard for me to resolve and i wished to get out of this dream world . 
 but , it did n't look as much as a dream anymore . 
 i was afraid it was real . 
 i was walking on the footpath thinking of all these things when i spotted a policeman . 
 so , i walked up to him to make few queries . 
 `` hello , sir ! '' 
 i greeted , `` do you know where i can get a map or something that 'll help me know a bit about this city . 
 also , i would like to find a place to stay for the night . '' 
 `` what do you mean by `` night '' ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i raised my brow in surprise . 
 `` why , night is the hour when the sun is not up and it is dark , '' i said . 
 `` and , what is this sun ? '' 
 he returned . 
 i was a little puzzled and it first seemed that this might be a joke ; but , he looked stern and serious , so i wondered if the people here never saw the sun . 
 `` is it always dark here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he looked at me angrily and said , `` go away to your home , young man ! 
 you seem to be overdrunk . '' 
 `` i do n't have any home here , `` i replied , `` are n't there any hotels ? '' 
 `` hotels ? '' 
 he retorted with a questioning look on his face , `` what gibberish are you talking ? 
 get away from here , or you 'll be put to bond-work for losing your mind ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` okay , okay ! '' 
 i said , `` at least i can get a map ! '' 
 i said . 
 he looked irritated . 
 `` keep your eyes on your head , young man ! 
 there 's a book store there , '' he pointed to a shop across the street . 
 `` thanks ! '' 
 i replied and left in the direction of the store . 
 i found a little book there with the title `` city guide '' . 
 it had maps in it and what appeared to be rules of the city . 
 i bought the book , and sitting down on a little bench on the sidewalk , opened it to peruse . 
 the maps depicted the city as one which was very well-planned . 
 the city appeared to be a regular hexagon with a diagonal measuring 60 miles . 
 it was divided into 7 divisions with what seemed to be the administrative block called superbia in the center . 
 the market area was a 3 miles thick area that ran around the periphery of the superbia . 
 from each side of the hexagonal center around the market began each of the other 6 divisions of the city . 
 two main roads separated the market from the divisions and the administrative block . 
 six other main roads branched off from the upper main road to separate each block from the other . 
 i tried to locate myself on the map and observed that i had walked up to here from somewhere on a street that branched off from the road that ran around superbia . 
 i was sitting on the street whose direction was straight towards ira , and i was four streets away -lrb- around 5 miles -rrb- from the main road that ran through the market between ira and luxuria . 
 i calculated that i might be around 2.5 miles away from ira and , so turning to the page of its map found that it was interplay of several buildings divided by little streets . 
 there was a page that talked of the administrative structure of the city , and i noticed that each block was governed by an official by whose name that respective block was also called . 
 there was also a square in each block , and a great amphitheater in superbia . 
 in superbia , also , was the palace of the king sarx and his wife , the queen hamartia . 
 when i read her name , a hateful feeling ran through my nerves and i shut the book down . 
 i absent-mindedly gazed on to the street for some time ; then , suddenly , my mind returned and i noticed that i was gazing at the policeman across the street . 
 i opened the book again , this time to the page where the rules of the city were mentioned and began to read these lines : rules for the citizens of the city of magic 1 . 
 each block is governed by a governor who is appointed by her excellency , the queen of magic . 
 every citizen is expected to submit to the rule of the governors without any exception of any kind . 
 2 . 
 no citizen is to engage in any discussion or conversation that repudiates the reality of kingdom of magic and/or the authority of the queen . 
 any citizen found involved in such treason shall be declared a traitor and his fate resolved in the court of ira . 
 may the ire of infernal fires fall on and destroy such an inhuman being ! 
 he has confederated with our archenemy , and may his end become a horripilating warning for others ! 
 3 . 
 no citizen is permitted to be seen outside his home in rags . 
 4 . 
 all markets , businesses , jobs , and generation of income are under the purview of the king . 
 no citizen will withhold any information regarding his income and possessions nor fail to pay the due taxes to the king 's treasury . 
 5 . 
 littering is strictly prohibited . 
 citizens must cooperate with the government to keep the city clean . 
 6 . 
 citizens are prohibited to climb over or attempt to peep over the walls surrounding the city . 
 i stopped here . 
 `` so , this city has walls , '' i thought . 
 `` there must be a way out ! '' 
 the rags inside made me feel very uneasy and uncomfortable , and i squirmed . 
 `` i must get rid of these , first , '' i said to myself and looked here and there not knowing what i was looking for . 
 i turned to the map of the city again and looked at the main road leading to the end and culminating near the wall . 
 i placed my finger there and said to myself `` i must get there ! '' 
 i wondered if anybody else had ever tried an escape ; and i also still wondered if it was worth attempting this in case this was just a dream . 
 but , the last rule that i had read drove this curiosity deep . 
 `` you think you have figured it out , do n't you ? '' 
 i heard a voice ask . 
 i turned aside and saw a man standing above and at my side with a hood pulled over his head almost covering his eyes . 
 i studied his face for a few seconds and thought that i had seen him somewhere . 
 then , all of a sudden i remembered something and my face grew pale . 
 the red book `` come with me ! '' 
 law said and turned to walk . 
 i followed his quick steps on the sidewalk . 
 from the corner of my eye i could see people pulling out their umbrellas , and there were flashes of lightning and a deep thunder roll . 
 the sky moaned , groaned , rumbled , and turned moist ; then , thick drops of water started pattering on my head and hands and my back as i kept my eyes and pace fixed after law . 
 i did n't want to miss him . 
 my mind thought , `` if he could only get me back to the bridge ; perhaps , there could be some reversal ... he certainly knows the way out ; or else , how could he reach here ... '' he seemed to be running now , and i was amazed at his agility as he dodged pedestrians , vendors , benches , and stalls and trotted through complex streets and alleys . 
 the raindrops had grown bigger , heavier , and faster , and people began to run helter and shelter , some going inside the shops for cover from the rain . 
 we entered a dark alley , and i had the feeling that i was being followed , but did n't dare to look back since i did n't want to lose sight of the one before me . 
 suddenly , law jumped into the right into a dark entrance , and i jumped after him . 
 we heard voices outside . 
 `` where have they disappeared ? '' 
 someone cried . 
 `` why has the sky eaten them up ? '' 
 another rebuked . 
 `` you should n't have lost sight of them ! '' 
 `` what were you doing ? '' 
 `` they went in here somewhere ! '' 
 `` can anyone run through a thick wall ? '' 
 i heard a stick tap on the entrance ; it seemed like the sound of a tap on a stony wall . 
 `` somewhere here , '' i heard a voice say . 
 then there were the sounds of fading footsteps . 
 there were cracklings and flashes of light . 
 `` who are they and why were they after us ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` the mystery of lawlessness , '' he replied `` they are the agents of sin , the men of iniquity . '' 
 `` why were they after us ? '' 
 `` to annihilate me . '' 
 there was that same sternness and indifference in his eyes . 
 `` but , that is impossible ; for , i pervade the universe and to try to annihilate me is like trying to cut the branch one is sitting on . 
 i was not running for myself , but for you . '' 
 `` for me ? '' 
 i replied . 
 i was drenched in the rain and now began to shiver as the rags inside began to chew on my flesh . 
 i just wanted to remove and throw them all off . 
 i looked at law in the flashes of the lightning and was surprised that he was not wet at all . 
 the rain did n't touch him . 
 he was looking at me as if reading my thoughts . 
 `` i must be quick here , '' he said . 
 `` as for your curiosity about the walls ; they are not the way out . '' 
 `` then , why does their rule book prohibit it ? '' 
 `` is it a rule book at all ? 
 the rules of this city are all farce ; they are meant to only cover the treacherous nature of sin and flesh , whom they call here sarx ... they prohibit it to keep the people in deception ; there is nothing beyond the walls ; it 's an absolute void out there . '' 
 `` so what is the way out ? '' 
 i was grave and was shivering . 
 he held out his right hand and placed it on my shoulder . 
 immediately , my clothes dried ; but the rags tightened hard over my skin . 
 i almost felt i would cry out in pain ; but , i only grimaced and he sternly looked at the pain in my eyes . 
 he removed his hand and began to say , `` i am the law of sickness and the law of healing , the law of rifting and the law of sealing . 
 i am the law of the crest and also the law of the trough , the law of the rain and the law of the drought . 
 wiser and prudent are they who consult me for answers to their problems instead of resorting to the governors of this city ; for he who has known law has found the gemstone that unlocks the mysteries of the universe . '' 
 he put his hands on both my arms and caught them in his palms . 
 `` look into my eyes , '' he said `` and you will find the answer . '' 
 i looked and behold his eyes were windows looking into the black outer space with whirling galaxies . 
 the whirling started slow , then intensified , ending up in a giant explosion , a boom and then there was silence and absolute nothingness . 
 then , i saw a flood of light that flooded the universe , and could see a boat sailing over the light . 
 i looked closely and could see the face of the boatman . 
 it was law . 
 he sailed and he sailed rowing with the oar once this way and then that way . 
 the oar looked like a sword . 
 suddenly , i saw that his oar was ripped away from his hands and flew and was caught by a giant shadow . 
 the shadow grew large and i saw that it grew into a monster that began to swallow up the flood of light . 
 there were shrieks of laughter and shrieks of war . 
 i saw law standing tall , straight , with outstretched arms while his boat kept drifting in the current of the flood into the mouth of the monster . 
 then , suddenly the sun appeared like a fiery ball and covered law so that what appeared now looked like the figure of a man made of fire , and then i saw that they both drifted closer to the mouth of the monster . 
 there were fiery flames darting off from the sun , and as they drew close to the mouth , i saw the figure of fire reach out his hand like a dart of flame and snatch away the sword from the shadowy monster , then plunge it back into the monster 's head . 
 there was a mighty quaking ; then the whole flood of light along with the sun and law gulped into the throat of the shadow , and there was darkness everywhere . 
 suddenly , there was an explosion of brilliant light and it seemed that the shadow of the monster , which now appeared only for a twinkling of the eye , was fully swallowed up by the exuberant brightness of the light ; and , in an instant there was such strong radiance everywhere that i turned my face and closed my eyes with my hands over them . 
 then , there was absolute silence and i began to hear the pattering of the rain . 
 `` open your eyes , '' he said . 
 i opened my eyes and saw him standing a little distance away . 
 `` what was it all ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the battle between good and evil , '' he answered . 
 `` what was the flood of light , the monster , and all of those things that i saw ? '' 
 `` the flood of light is the city of light , the boat is the bridge of time , the oar is the sword that decides the fate of time , the monster is the insatiable city of magic , and the sun is the one . 
 this is the key to the mystery of the present that will unravel your future . 
 keep this vision in your mind , for when you get to the end of yourself , the one will cover you like a ball of fire and bring you victoriously up to the city of light . '' 
 `` who is the one ? '' 
 `` the archenemy of the city of magic and my master . '' 
 i was silent , not knowing what to say ; but , discerning a sort of hurry on his face , i asked `` what must i do , then ? '' 
 `` give me the book in your hand ! '' 
 he said . 
 i gave it to him . 
 he flung it aside into the darkness and pulled out a red colored book from his side . 
 `` keep this , '' he said , `` and follow its instructions . '' 
 he then raised his hand and moved it as if wiping a glass , and as he wiped he disappeared into the black darkness . 
 then , it seemed that the darkness began to move towards me , and i started moving backwards , and backwards , and backwards until i suddenly stumbled onto the sidewalk , and there before me was the thick wall of stones . 
 i tucked the book under my shirt , crossed the street , and reached the other side . 
 the sky had withdrawn his fury and the rains had stopped . 
 delight park there was a little park over here and i saw some men , aged around 32-45 , sitting on benches and stones in the park and jocularly laughing . 
 i saw a board on the entrance of the park with the words `` welcome to delight park '' and below it `` at luxuria , city of magic '' . 
 there were salons and saloons in the park . 
 i entered in and sat on a bench a little distance from the men . 
 a young man , very thin , and wearing a very loose shirt , was tramping around acting like an old aged man.the other men were watching and laughing loud . 
 they looked like buffoons to me . 
 i pulled out the book from under my shirt and read these words to myself : `` seek wisdom like one searches for hidden treasure ; and till you find her , allow no game and no pleasure . 
 seek her in the squares ; seek her in the thoroughfares , seek her everywhere , but keep away from barren leisure . '' 
 i stood up , tucked the book under my shirt and was about to walk away when i heard a voice , `` wo n't you bequeath to us as well some of your learning , sir ! '' 
 i turned towards the men . 
 they all were already laughing . 
 i looked at them seriously and turned to move , when they got up , rushed towards me and surrounded me blocking my way . 
 `` we 're sorry if we 've offended you , sir ! '' 
 one of them , a man with shorn hair , said . 
 he had the face of a clown . 
 they all laughed . 
 `` he does n't look offended , epicure , '' the skimpy man in saggy cloths acting earlier remarked . 
 they all laughed again . 
 `` shall we sit here and discuss a few things , '' epicure asked with a pretended look of intelligence on his face . 
 `` we are all interested in listening to new things . '' 
 `` yes , yes ! '' 
 they all nodded and agreed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , friends . 
 i have n't got anything new for you . '' 
 i replied and turned to walk away , but epicure said `` you sure have because we saw you reading a new book ! '' 
 i felt it was hopeless trying to circumvent and asked half-heartedly , `` what do you know about the kingdom of light ? '' 
 they all broke into hysterical laughter . 
 one of the men , he was wearing a coat of many colors , signaled at them to shut up , and they stopped . 
 he looked at me with a questioning frown and said , `` there 's no other world than this for sure ; so , your ideal must be certainly new . '' 
 `` an ideal dream worth the dallying , '' epicure said with a clownish smile . 
 `` an idle dream worth not the dying , '' another fellow laughed and said . 
 they all laughed again . 
 `` i must go away , '' i said , `` i have some important job to do . '' 
 in my mind i thought that they would let me go because i certainly did n't appear to belong to their gang . 
 but , little did i know that what i thought was what i thought , and what they had in mind was a total opposite of what i thought . 
 presently , i noticed that the man with the multi-colored coat pulled out a wand , pointed at me , and jerked it upwards . 
 in an instant my book was pulled out of my shirt and caught in his left hand . 
 he then motioned at me and said , `` now , you can go , sir ! '' 
 i moved towards him with the intention of snatching off the book but he raised his hand with the stick in his fist and signaled me to stop . 
 i stopped . 
 `` turn him into a goat , elymas ! '' 
 the skimpy man said . 
 `` no , into a bull , '' a stout man meddled in . 
 elymas looked at him with piercing glances . 
 `` certainly not , '' the stout man grinned and said , `` he should be turned into an elephant ... -lsb- all eyes gaped at him -rsb- ; oh no , into an ant ! '' 
 they all laughed . 
 i jumped to snatch the book again , and elymas moved his hand back . 
 they all blocked my way . 
 suddenly , i saw a policeman arrive there shouting , `` what nuisance is going on here ! '' 
 he then looked at me and said , `` you seem to be new to this block . 
 show me your papers ! '' 
 `` what papers ? '' 
 i asked back . 
 `` come with me ! '' 
 he said locking my hand into a handcuff . 
 they all sneered . 
 i knowingly did n't look at the book in elymas ' hand . 
 the policeman led me out of the park , and i could see those men settle down around the magician , who now opened the book and began to read it amidst fits of laughter and scornful gestures by the others around . 
 i felt lost inside and pulled away . 
 the policeman took me to a station nearby , submitted my wallet to custody , and took me to a cell . 
 `` we 'll examine him at the next call of the court of luxuria , '' he said to a guard standing there . 
 `` i too heard that some officers spotted two strangers here lately , '' the guard observed . 
 `` did you also find the other one ? '' 
 the policeman nodded a negative . 
 `` but , the city administration has already been set on alarm , '' he said as he locked me into the cell and left . 
 the cell was a small dimly lighted square room -lrb- around 10x10 sq.ft . -rrb- 
 with nothing inside . 
 the door was made of solid steel with a small mesh window at the top . 
 it was painted deep red . 
 the walls were made of large blocks of stones neatly cut , and on each of the two side walls opposite of each other was engraved the head of a goat.i sat down opposite to the door , and gazed at them for a while . 
 i thought i admired the art at first ; but , then suddenly the bestial design of the cell loomed onto my mind , and i had a strong feeling of revulsion . 
 then , as if in flashes of screenshots , i remembered law , the vision , and the book , and what i read in it . 
 `` like one searches for hidden treasure , '' i remembered and looked up . 
 the ceiling was an intimidating slab with the head of a nasty goat looking at me . 
 i squirmed with an ugly feeling , rose up , and looked out of the mesh window . 
 the guards were walking up and down . 
 it was impossible to now get out . 
 i went and sat down opposite to the door again with my knees pulled up against my chest , my hands around them , and my head sunk between the knees . 
 there were feelings of humiliation , of being subdued in the moments of my elation . 
 i was locked and wondered what this dark world would lead me to . 
 i thought for long , but remained locked ; then , i fell tired of thinking and fell asleep . 
 presently , there were sounds of footsteps outside and i awoke . 
 the door creaked open , and the policeman gestured me to come out . 
 i remembered the earlier talks of trials and bonded-labor and had an agonizing feeling . 
 he cuffed my hands behind and let me out of the station . 
 i wondered that there were n't any questionings here . 
 he took me in the direction of a small van that was waiting for me , as i understood , bound to the court . 
 a little distance away from it , i suddenly jumped to my right and began to run . 
 there were shouts and whistling , and two or three policemen were running after me . 
 my hands were still cuffed and i was afraid that people might pounce on me to stop , so i jumped off the sidewalk on which i was and began running fast on the road . 
 i cut through a few streets , yet being chased when i spotted the police van speeding towards me from the front . 
 behind me were the other policemen . 
 i looked at my right and saw an old dilapidated house without doors , seemingly abandoned . 
 i jumped off the road onto the sidewalk and then plunged into the house not knowing what to do . 
 it was very dark inside ; so i groped for the wall and found it ; then , began to sidle along the wall with my palms feeling after it . 
 there were cries outside . 
 `` he 's gone inside that building ! '' 
 `` quick , quick ! '' 
 i saw a searchlight beam inside and dropped to a squat . 
 i heard footsteps inside and a faint light over my head . 
 i was behind something and it seemed that there was some place inside . 
 i crawled inwards . 
 a few more footsteps entered in . 
 i saw a searchlight beam right over the thing that i was under and a few footsteps advanced in my direction . 
 i stopped my breath . 
 the light waded here and there across the wall then stopped above me . 
 i kept silent . 
 `` there 's something here ! '' 
 someone cried from a distance , and i heard the light turn and the footsteps quickly recede away . 
 i breathed slowly trying to hear . 
 many other footsteps moved in that direction . 
 suddenly , i heard a shutter lift . 
 `` that way , '' one voice said as they all got out and ran ; then , there was silence . 
 i stayed there for a couple of minutes and came out , still struggling with the shackles on . 
 i sat down on the floor in the dark and coughed , being veryafraid to get out of the building because i knew the shackles would betray me . 
 my mind was as blank as the nothingness before me , knowing nothing what to do , and my shirt was wet by the sweat . 
 suddenly , a thought flashed on my mind , `` why do you fear in the land of the shadows ? '' 
 i got up straight pushing against the wall , and as i did that my hands hit a switch behind me . 
 a faint lamp kindled on the wall above me and i saw that the room was a large one , but strewn with objects all around in a jungle of mess . 
 there were cobwebs everywhere . 
 the object before me , under which i had hid , was a desk . 
 the desk had a drawer in it with a handle . 
 i turned around and pulled it out and turned again to see what was in it . 
 there was a sealed scroll there with a small brass object in the shape of a double-edged sword beside it . 
 a scarlet thread ran through the needle of the brass object 's hilt . 
 i took it in my hands and fumbled to insert it into the lock of the cuffs on the left hand ; i turned it , and in an instant the lock snapped and the cuff dangled from my wrist . 
 i now turned towards the desk with my right wrist on it and easily unlocked the other cuff . 
 i quickly tucked the scroll under my shirt , tied the brass pendant around my neck , pushed the shackles into the drawer and was about to turn off the lamp when i noticed that there was a wardrobe next to the desk . 
 i went to it and , opening it , found that there was nothing in it except a hooded black coat hanging . 
 i donned it and pulled the hood over . 
 then , i turned off the lamp and hurried out of the room . 
 luxuria my intention was to return to the park and get back the book from those men . 
 so , i strode hastily through dim and brightly lighted streets until i reached the vicinity of the park . 
 i stopped at the other end of the road and was perplexed to see that the men were n't there anymore . 
 my first thought was to enter in and search , but my feelings did n't allow . 
 i decided to stand there and wait . 
 presently , i spotted epicure walking towards me from a distance with a lady by his side and his arm on her shoulder . 
 they both were jesting and laughing aloud and acted like amorous lovers . 
 i turned towards a shop and pretended to look in as he passed by me . 
 he did n't seem to see me because he passed by me without even raising a wink . 
 i wondered if he saw anyone . 
 i knew it was worthless trying to follow him . 
 i looked at the park again and , now , saw something that i did n't notice earlier . 
 there was a board hanging above the benches with a quote that read : `` he who has learnt the art of laughter has become free from the past and the hereafter . '' 
 above the quote were the words : `` the critic 's bench '' . 
 i turned and looked at my right above the sidewalk and saw another board with the words : `` walk with the crowd and you wo n't be lost . '' 
 i read the name of the road : `` freemen 's way '' . 
 now , without a map , without the book , and without a wallet i had no clue what to do and where to go . 
 `` i 'll look for elymas , '' i resolved , because i knew that the book was the only link between this world and the one to which i belonged . 
 the words that i had read earlier before losing the book rang in my ears : `` seek wisdom like one searches for hidden treasure ; and till you find her , allow no game and no pleasure . 
 seek her in the squares ; seek her in the thoroughfares , seek her everywhere , but keep away from barren leisure . '' 
 `` i 'll go to the main square , '' i thought , `` there would be some clue ; also , most feet are bound to pass that way , and elymas might pass through it as well . '' 
 so , i began walking in the direction in which i first saw epicure coming . 
 most of the people here looked happy and satisfied . 
 now and then i would observe one or two who looked sapless ; but , such a person would soon be seen to stop by , pull out a small bottle of liquid , and sniff it hard . 
 then , immediately his or her face would beam and he or she would spring back into mad and wild laughter . 
 i wondered what stuff that bottle contained . 
 i saw one of such men suddenly turn towards me , point his finger at me , and laugh jeeringly so wild that his face became red , swollen , and tears fell from his eyes . 
 he then settled down on a side bench and holding his stomach kept writhing in laughter . 
 i quickly moved away from him . 
 i , presently , reached a turn and entered another street and noticed the square lit by bright lights at the far end . 
 there seemed to be some monument in the middle of the square . 
 the walk here was larger and tents were spread outside houses and shops where men and women sat and played games of various kinds . 
 the people here sometimes looked happy and sometimes very unhappy . 
 i noticed that the winners of the games would jump up , stamp the ground , stand up high and blow a trumpet . 
 others , most probably those who lost some game , would be pulling out fists of rage and yelling curses . 
 there was one thing that i noted about these streets ; i noticed that each of the streets had a stench of a different kind , and the stench grew pungently irritating to the nose as i drew closer to the square . 
 i also noticed that things were getting strange in the city now , because by now a number of men dressed in black suits were beginning to be seen everywhere , walking with furtive glances at every man . 
 also , there were police cars and personnel stopping a number of men and checking their papers . 
 but , they did n't seem to care about the men who were playing the games . 
 presently , i noticed that there were also notices pasted on some walls with the picture of someone and the headline `` wanted ! '' 
 i looked closer and was suddenly in a dread because the image that i saw was a pencil sketch of my face . 
 i slowed my pace and ambled through the walk to avoid suspicion . 
 but , it seemed useless because a policeman stopped me and demanded , `` your papers , sir ! '' 
 in an act of instinctive reflex , i pulled out the scroll tucked under my shirt and handed it over to him . 
 my mind reeled with questions and my eyes looked quickly here and there trying to figure out which way to take in order to run . 
 the policeman unpinned the seal and opened the scroll ; glanced over it , then folded it back , and returned it to me again . 
 at this moment , i noticed that the police badge bore the image of the head of a goat . 
 he then walked way . 
 i wondered what the scroll was all about . 
 `` may be some citizenship papers , '' i thought . 
 i unrolled it and saw that it was a plain ; there was nothing in it . 
 the hairs on my hand stood up . 
 i rolled it back and tucked it under my shirt . 
 i reached the square and stood at a corner . 
 it was a busy place with people walking and strolling all around . 
 in the middle of it was a great fountain lit with many colors in which stood a great stone statue of a lady sitting on a red horse , with a bow drawn in her hand and a quiver full of arrows on her back . 
 there was the emblem of a goat 's head on the pedestal and under it the words : luxuria also called lust twice victor over truth and time i wondered what those words meant . 
 the colors had an unnatural blend that attracted the eyes but caused such strain that i had to look away from the image . 
 i also noticed that four huge statues of goats stood at each corner of the square . 
 each goat was of a different color , and a different name visibly carved on their body . 
 i noticed that each of the names was different . 
 also , a banner flew over them of the same color with four words written on each . 
 the red goat bore the name `` amour '' on its body and its banner carried the words `` stolen waters are sweet '' . 
 the lavender goat bore the name `` sodom '' and it banner carried the words `` all pleasure is natural '' . 
 the bluish-green goat bore the name `` sade '' and its banner carried the words `` some deserve their hurt '' . 
 the black goat bore the name `` zooerastia '' and its banner carried the words `` one with all nature '' . 
 i felt nauseated by what i saw and read . 
 `` yea , the lady is cautious and so has ordered her troops to brush through every house , '' i overheard someone saying behind my back . 
 i did n't turn around and pretended not to hear anything . 
 `` is it true that she has ordered three sweeps of search ? '' 
 another person asked . 
 `` yes , we 've heard that . 
 there have been reports that law was sighted with a young man . 
 the young man was caught later by one of the officer , but managed to escape . 
 luxuria was furious on hearing this and has ordered the entire force to filter through the division . '' 
 `` one little nuisance can spoil the texture of the entire region . 
 he may have escaped to ira or acedia by now . 
 i 'm sure that the lady 's fury will subside . '' 
 `` i do n't believe that ; luxuria is never calm until she has obtained what she wants . '' 
 `` what about elymas , the magician ? 
 i heard some rumors . '' 
 my ears perked up . 
 `` oh yes , i forgot mentioning that . 
 it is closely related to the case . 
 elymas was the one , it is said , who caught the young man and handed him over to the police . 
 he had also taken away from him a certain book that he carried . 
 it is said that elymas , on hearing that the young man had connections with law , immediately annunciated that he would demonstrate his greater powers of magic by burning the book in public . 
 so , after he had gathered a number of people , he placed the book on a stone altar and cast fiery spells on it . 
 but it seems he did n't pronounce a spell rightly , because all of a sudden fire came out of the book and burnt his eyes , and he became blind . '' 
 `` he could n't heal himself ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he had cast the ultimate spell and it seems to have boomeranged on him . 
 the governess came to know this and confiscated the book . 
 `` let law come and take it from me , '' she is said to have said . '' 
 they laughed . 
 `` where is elymas now ? '' 
 `` nobody knows . '' 
 `` oh let the officials do their job ; there are more pleasant things for us to attend . '' 
 they left . 
 my mind was berserk with confusion knowing not what to do now . 
 i knew that any attempt towards luxuria in order to get the book was like putting the head in a guillotine . 
 elymas was not to be found here . 
 what about wisdom ? 
 would she stand in the square of a world of shadows ? 
 i did n't think it possible . 
 i doubted if i could ever find her ; if there was any hope now , it relied on her finding me . 
 but would she ? 
 i decided to return to the old dilapidated building . 
 `` the police may come searching for me there , '' i thought . 
 `` but , '' i argued , `` i must not get away too far from the possibility of securing the book . '' 
 not being able to decide or compose myself as to my next step ahead , i turned back . 
 a bit of me did n't agree with my returning back . 
 but , that bit was overpowered by my confusion -- i absolutely now had no idea where to go or what to do , and i abandoned the confusion and unknown to the familiar that i had already known . 
 before me was a vast emptiness bereft of all answers , behind me was the only solid thing i now could remove to . 
 so , i returned , at each step strengthening my resolve with the hope that all we be fine in the end . 
 i came close to the old building and saw that it stood there all the same -- forsaken and worn . 
 i walked close to it , all the while pretending not to be in an alarm while also looking from the corner of the eye and casually making sure that i was not being watched . 
 the street seemed to be darker and the lamps dimmer , or perhaps i felt so . 
 as i drew closer , i felt that a shadow was following me from behind . 
 i shirked it off as a mere mental rearrangement of unknowingly picked sense-signals . 
 as soon as i was close to the door , i ambled in , sidled back near the desk and sat down in the dark . 
 then , suddenly , the lamp above me lit and i jumped back . 
 the chase `` i knew you would come back here again . '' 
 i looked and before me sat a lady dressed in red . 
 i recognized her as luxuria from the statue that i had seen in the square . 
 and as soon as i saw her i closed my eyes ; not because she looked frightful , but because her appearance was arrayed in such magical power that a glance at her got my senses confused and involuntarily drawn as a moth is drawn to the fire . 
 i shuddered with weakness and fear . 
 `` do you intend to hide by closing your eyes or do you want to deny the reality that you 've seen ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` do n't you have the guts of a man ? '' 
 i opened my eyes and looked at her the second time , and in that very instant , i felt my strength drain away , my limbs became helpless . 
 she moved closer to me and with each step that she took , i grew more powerless . 
 i wanted to run , but there was too little strength left . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 then , i felt a sharp metal touch the bare skin of my neck , and i collapsed into nothingness , amnesia , and a cesspool of pitch darkness . 
 after that , i remembered nothing . 
 when i awoke i saw that i was in the same cell that i had been locked in earlier ; but , now thick and long chains bound me to hooks on the nose of the goat 's image on the wall . 
 i shuddered and felt heavily guilty about all this . 
 `` i should n't have turned back , '' i thought . 
 `` but , where could i go ; for no matter , how hard i would run , i could never have run away from this world of shadows ... '' i looked at the picture of the goat , then at the solid iron door . 
 `` running away would be harder now , '' i thought , `` but , i should get out of here ! '' 
 then , suddenly , fear and doubt gripped my soul . 
 `` i 'll be caught again anyway , for how far can i run ? 
 and then , the situation would be worse . 
 why not submit to this than trying to get out of where i 'm bound to return again and again ! '' 
 suddenly a thought hit my mind . 
 `` why not fight and destroy the villains ? '' 
 but , then again i felt warned against fighting the crocodile in the river . 
 yet , it also seemed worth dying while fighting , than just pine away and die without even giving a try . 
 as soon as i had thought these thoughts , i remembered the brass pendant and found it on my neck . 
 i bent myself at the lock , inserted the pendant and , in an instant , the lock snapped open . 
 then , i tried it on my cuffs and they snapped off . 
 i was now free ; however , the steel door was impregnable . 
 so , i arranged the chains and cuffs to look as they had been , while construing means to be free . 
 i remembered the scroll and opened it . 
 it looked blank ; then , as i was about to roll it back , i saw that some letters began fade into it . 
 i stretched it back and read : vacuum , the barrenness of empty desire ; insatiable craving , abysmal mire ; deluded by lust , the cunning liar ; the end of all ends , brimstone and fire ... leave the dark dungeon behind ; leap into the light ; break through the hideous blind : flee ! 
 stand not to fight ! 
 the text then faded out and the page was blank again . 
 i wondered . 
 i rolled the scroll back and tucked it in . 
 a few minutes later , i heard steps drawing close to my cell . 
 i repositioned myself . 
 a key turned and the door opened . 
 two policemen entered in . 
 one of them drew closer to me to unchain me ; i seized the opportunity , wrapped myself like a lightning around him , cuffed his hands back , then placing the brass pendant in a piercing position against his neck , ordered the other officer to step back . 
 i , then , using my captive as my shield began to walk away from the place , as the guards and officers stepped back to clear the way . 
 i moved out of the station , then whirling the policeman away with a strong jerk , i ran and ran and ran . 
 i ran through quick turns of streets , jumping across roads , crossing , skidding , dodging , ducking , while the sirens kept sounding and people kept shouting ; i ran mad and wild , the pendant still clutched hard in my hand . 
 my legs felt heavy , my chest throbbed with pain , my fingers felt numb , but i ran and ran until i reached an intersection of main roads cutting around and through the market ; then , i crossed the street into the market place , barged into a big cloths store , ambling in at the very instant ; then , rushing to where they sold coats , picked up a black hooded coat and went into the trial room . 
 i panted for a while , almost feeling like throwing up ; then , i opened my palm and the brass pendant looked as if it was bleeding . 
 i strung it around my neck , and in that instant looked in the mirror and was shocked . 
 my hair was shorn . 
 i wore the coat , pulled the hood over and came out of the room . 
 there were policemen everywhere . 
 the exit door was blocked and guarded as the team of officers searched the store . 
 i had turned my face away , fumbling at the garments , pretending to search for others . 
 on an opposite glass , i saw two officers walking towards me . 
 when they reached at the distance of a handbreadth , i quickly turned aside and went to another part where there were many people and mixed up with them , pretending to be totally immersed in the search and fully unaware of their presence . 
 suddenly , i heard the sound of a buzz . 
 then , an officer 's voice said , `` we request all of you to kindly stand your ground as we make a search for an absconding criminal . '' 
 there were whispers all around . 
 officers , then , flooded the store all around , many new joining them , and began a thorough search . 
 they looked at each person closely , searched the trial rooms , and behind the dresses . 
 now , i saw five of them advancing towards me from the front . 
 my heart beat faster and i knew of no hope . 
 they examined two in front of me and then turned towards me , when i felt pull on my trousers . 
 i turned around . 
 there was a little girl of perhaps two , pulling at my trousers and smiling at me . 
 piety and faith i smiled back , picked her up in my arms , and hugged her . 
 the officers came close to me , watched the child and me and went away to examine others . 
 `` they might have mistaken me to be her father , '' i thought . 
 `` inno ! '' 
 i heard a hushed voice say . 
 i turned around and saw a lady with a man beside her . 
 i looked at them , and they looked at me , and they looked familiar . 
 then , i remembered them as among the ones who had disappeared on the bridge of time . 
 they were n't looking at my face , but at my neck where the scarlet thread that held the pendant beneath my shirt lay . 
 then they looked at me and gave a faint quarter smile and looked askance . 
 inno got down from my arms and ran to the lady , who i surmised to be her mother . 
 my hands wanted to hide the thread under the shirt ; but , i hesitated since any movement could grant occasion for suspicion . 
 i smiled back and stood the ground . 
 the search operation was over . 
 the officers came together , spoke something to each other , and rushed out of the store dividing themselves severally into different directions . 
 the lady and the man came to me . 
 `` you should come with us ! '' 
 they said . 
 i nodded skeptically and followed . 
 they paid for my purchase and led me out ; then , crossing across and striding through two streets , we reached a bus stop . 
 there were policemen everywhere , here as well . 
 i noticed that they had a different badge with the emblem not of a goat but of a lion . 
 a bus arrived and they gestured me to move in with them . 
 i followed . 
 the bus drove through a number of streets that looked dim despite the many fiery lamps . 
 the lamps were big and it seemed that fire was blazing inside of the glass shields . 
 they produced more heat than light , which accounted for the hot climate here . 
 we , presently , reached an area which was filled with rows of houses . 
 we got off and walked into a narrow lane , then turned on the second row , and stood before an old home in a row of houses . 
 the man unlocked the house and we got in . 
 the house was a small one and , by what i made out sitting in the outer room , it had only two rooms and a kitchen inside . 
 the outer room where we sat did n't have any decorations of any kind but had only a few chairs and a small table . 
 it also looked old and the light inside was rusty and dim . 
 the lady went inside with the little child . 
 `` the whole city is again on a hunt after you , '' the man began . 
 `` do you recognize me ? '' 
 i asked wondering if he had seen me on the bridge . 
 `` yes , of course , your pictures are stuck everywhere . 
 if we handed you over now , we would be rich . '' 
 i squirmed . 
 `` but , we would not . '' 
 he looked at me with a sad face . 
 `` did you meet him ? '' 
 `` whom ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` religare , who is also known as religion . 
 he was one of us who disappeared from time and have fallen here . '' 
 his wife came , in the meantime , with the daughter , and began setting some food on the table . 
 then , i realized that i had long forgotten hunger in my quest for freedom . 
 `` she is piety , my wife , and i am faith . 
 this is our daughter innocence , whom we lovingly call inno . '' 
 inno smiled . 
 `` please help yourself with the food ! '' 
 we began to eat . 
 `` religare was a seer who could see deep into the vileness of this city . 
 but , the inhabitants here seem to be deceived . 
 in the beginning we found a dwelling place in an old dilapidated building in luxuria . 
 the building was abandoned by a family who had moved to superbia . 
 all the while we sought ways and means to get out of here . 
 religare would give us tasks to search out means by which we could not only help ourselves but also the inhabitants of this city , so that the snare-net of illusion that she has dropped over their minds would be broken and the kingdom of darkness shattered , and we once again see light . 
 but , sooner we realized , that the people here hated all talks of true liberty . 
 they enjoyed their lives here and rationalized it and rebelled against any talk of the true world , the city of light . 
 we began to become cautious , but it was too late . 
 once religare showed us this scarlet thread that you are wearing now . 
 it had a brass pendant . 
 he said it was the key of truth that would open any lock of sin . 
 he then also showed us a scroll and said that it was the scroll of prudence that keeps one from evil . 
 he then put these in the drawer of a table and closed it . 
 suddenly , we heard a loud shout and ten or twelve policemen accompanied by two men in black suits stormed in . 
 they pointed at religare and shouted , `` he is the one ! '' 
 as they surrounded him and laid their hands on him . 
 we escaped through a back door , and after many hidings reached here . 
 since then , we have n't heard from religare , neither did we go to luxuria because of fear . 
 without religare now we can neither strive for nor awaken others to look for freedom . 
 we try to blend with this world , and it is terrible . '' 
 they looked at their daughter sadly . 
 she was busy eating , then looked at us and smiled , understanding nothing . 
 `` do you have your papers ? '' 
 `` yes , we managed to obtain them for a price from an official at avaritia . 
 we told him that our papers were lost and that we had become homeless due to some financial losses . 
 he made us duplicate papers and allotted us this house here in ira for the poor . 
 we had to pay him some money for overlooking our credentials . 
 but , he also mentioned that sooner all the citizens would need to be sealed to prevent all forgery . 
 he said that the seal would be planted on either one 's arm or one 's forehead . '' 
 we had finished eating . 
 `` i see . 
 but , no i did n't see religare . 
 i found these objects in the drawer , '' i said as i took the scroll and the pendant out and showed them . 
 they stared at them with wide eyes . 
 then , i told them how i reached here and what things i experienced in my quest for freedom . 
 `` we have to get back that book , '' i said `` since law gave it to me as the only guide for instructions here . '' 
 `` how shall we do that ? '' 
 piety asked . 
 i took the scroll in my hand . 
 `` we have no other option , '' i said . 
 then , i opened the scroll and we three looked into it ; it was blank . 
 then , all of a sudden it turned black and a dim scene appeared ; we saw an ancient wall . 
 and as we looked , we saw that there was a big hole in the wall . 
 then , the scene drew in through the hole into a place that looked like a dungeon . 
 it was dark there , but we could see wherever the scene shifted the view . 
 we saw that there were diagrams and engravings of various reptiles , ferocious beasts , and worms on the walls . 
 there were also many paintings of semi-beast or semi-reptile humans with obscene features on the walls . 
 they were innumerous and nauseatingly vile . 
 the scene showed us graffiti on the wall that read `` robbers , '' `` pillagers '' , `` thieves , '' `` murderers , '' and `` looters '' . 
 then , we saw that there were men and women in the dungeon who were counting and dividing changes of gold and silver . 
 suddenly , the scene shifted to a dark place where there was a statue of a seven-headed monster . 
 the middle head was of a peacock , and on its left were the heads of a goat , a lion , and a toad ; on its right were the heads of a tortoise , a snake , and a swine . 
 its body was full of hairs resembling the hairs of a bear and it was seated on a dark red throne . 
 on its chest were engraved the words `` sarx '' . 
 then , the scene shifted below the image , down to the pedestal , and there we saw bound with heavy chains to the blocks , a man with long grey hairs , travailing in pain and agony . 
 we saw that he was pale and famished . 
 `` religare ! '' 
 faith and piety cried and they began weeping . 
 we saw that the chains had two big locks and each lock and its accompanying chain had the same name . 
 the name of the first one was magic and the name of the second was fear . 
 then , the scene faded out into black and returned to a blank page and these words appeared : superbia seat of sarx and sin then , the words disappeared and the page went blank again . 
 i rolled back the scroll and we looked at each other . 
 faith and piety were still in tears . 
 inno began crying too , not understanding why her parents were crying , but crying because they were crying . 
 piety took her and began to calm her up . 
 `` i need to go there , '' i said . 
 `` the area is the most heavily guarded one , '' said faith . 
 `` and , even when one gets there after having broken through the strongest hedges , it 's not easy to find the dungeon . '' 
 piety looked at him with sad and reddened eyes . 
 inno raised her hands and wiped her mother 's tears ; piety looked at her and embraced her . 
 faith 's eyes were filled with tears too . 
 my heart moved within me and i rose up . 
 `` i have the key to unchain him , i should not stay here , '' i said as i tied the pendant with its thread around my wrist and tucked the scroll under my shirt . 
 `` we will come with you , '' said piety . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i objected . 
 suddenly , there was a loud rap on the door , and startled , we all looked at it . 
 the guardian `` open the door or we 'll have to break in ! '' 
 a voice commanded . 
 faith went and opened it as piety led me inside . 
 we entered the kitchen and she pulled out a big slab of tile . 
 we could hear faith arguing with the officers while they questioned him . 
 `` your papers are forged , '' they said . 
 `` do n't you understand that the man who sold you the papers at avaritia is one of us ? 
 arrest him and search the house ! '' 
 the chief officer cried . 
 piety quickly pulled me signaling me to get into the pit . 
 i felt confused and hesitated . 
 she placed inno into my arms and said `` remain here until all is fine ! '' 
 she then placed a purse in my hand and quickly closed the slab . 
 immediately , i heard the sounds of footsteps above . 
 there was the sound of shackles and shackling . 
 `` what wrong have we done ? '' 
 i heard piety say . 
 i sensed inno about to cry and i closed her mouth . 
 tears dropped from my eyes . 
 `` there has been a lot of trouble in the city and conspirators at bay ; we 're arresting you under suspicion of being one of them . '' 
 `` but , how can you say that ? '' 
 `` your papers are forged and we 've received information that you recently shifted to this house . 
 but , no more questions , lady . 
 officers , take her ! '' 
 we heard the steps recede . 
 i could feel the warm tears drop from inno 's eyes onto my fingers . 
 it felt as if an arrow had struck my entrails . 
 but , silence is often salvation . 
 the doors closed and then we heard nothing anymore . 
 i gently pushed against the tile and put inno up on the floor ; then , jumped up , took her in arms and rushed out . 
 the street was crowded now with people and cars and vans , and i knew not which direction to go . 
 `` where is mommy ? '' 
 inno began to weep . 
 `` do n't cry , my child , we 're going there , '' i said and began to walk in the dimly lit sideway . 
 i saw a few people who were gazing at us cry out `` see , he 's one of those enemies of freedom , catch him ! '' 
 they began running towards us . 
 i began to run with inno in my arms . 
 she cried . 
 then , suddenly a car jumped in front of me from the road onto the sidewalk . 
 the man inside was intending to block my path and slow me down . 
 but , i pulled the door , jumped in , kicked him out , and pulled back the car out of the sideway , closing the door . 
 inno became silent as i quickly pulled the seatbelt around her . 
 then , i jumped to speed and accelerated like lightning . 
 i drove through while were police sirens kept buzzing and intensifying everywhere . 
 they followed me from the right and the left , joining the ranks of cars , as i evaded advancing vehicles and police cars , pushing velocity as i drove like mad . 
 suddenly , i began hearing the sounds of gunshots in the air . 
 suddenly two heavy trucks cut in from the right road ahead of me and stood parallel to each other blocking the way . 
 i screeched to a halt close to the trucks and my car turned round and stopped . 
 the police cars all came around me and surrounded me . 
 around a dozen officers got down and advanced towards me with their guns and batons . 
 i kicked the accelerator , and my car roared and charged at the vehicles in front of me ; there was a collision and a car blew around as i evaded another and invaded the gap . 
 now , there were shots being fired at my car as it galloped through the streets spitting heat and fire . 
 there were police cars charging at me from the front . 
 but , i bolted through them before their bullets met the air . 
 the signals all turned red and the sirens intensified . 
 then , i noticed that all the roads were blocked , and i reached a place where there was a large palatial building with the gates thrown open . 
 i turned into it and brought the car to a screeching halt ; then , jumped out of the car with inno in my arms and ran into the building and was stopped by the guards . 
 `` keep your hands off them ! '' 
 i heard a voice say . 
 in front of me , there stood a tall lady in a deep red gown with fiery red eyes and a raised brow . 
 the police cars stopped outside and i heard steps behind me come and stop . 
 she looked at us and then said , `` follow me ! '' 
 four officers came and stood beside us . 
 i looked at inno and saw fear in her eyes . 
 i tried to smile pretending that it is all fine and part of some game . 
 we followed her into a large hall where there was a throne on which she went and sat . 
 `` you can go away ! '' 
 she said to the officers . 
 they moved out . 
 i saw that above her throne was the roaring face of a lion . 
 also , two lions stood on the two sides of the throne . 
 `` do you know where you are ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` it is the court of ira , '' i answered . 
 `` yes , it is ; the place where traitors meet their fate . 
 how interesting to see the rat escape into its own death cage ! '' 
 she remarked without any smile . 
 `` who is that girl ? '' 
 i clutched inno tightly as she turned away her face and wrapping her arms around me with her chin on my shoulder . 
 i kept silent . 
 ira rose up from her throne , pulled out a sword , advanced at me and placed the tip of the blade close to the child . 
 `` she is the daughter of piety and faith who were arrested a few moments ago , '' i said . 
 ira removed the blade . 
 she was tall but of the same height with me . 
 hatred and despisal were written on her face . 
 my mind knew that her quickness of temper made her the sole arbitrator over final matters and things were quickly decided and done here . 
 `` officers ! '' 
 she cried as two policemen rushed in , `` take the girl away to luxuria , where she 'll learn the arts to serve our queen best . '' 
 `` you ca n't do that ! '' 
 i cried . 
 `` i can do everything , '' she affirmed as the policemen came and snatched inno away from me . 
 she struggled and cried . 
 i felt powerless . 
 `` take him away as well and subject him to bonded labor till the conspiracy is broken . 
 let 's see if law can come for their rescue , '' she sneered . 
 they cuffed my hands behind and led me through one door , while they took inno away through another as she struggled and cried . 
 i saw no hope amidst the multitudes of guards , the mindless wrath of ira , and damnation ahead . 
 they took me to a police van , and an officer shouted , `` to superbia into the camp ! '' 
 the van coughed and paced off as four cars followed us from behind . 
 it sped through two turns and entered the main way dividing the market and ira . 
 then , it roared and devoured the road like a hurricane as people and cars whizzed past . 
 i marveled at the pace here ; but , they all looked tensed , desirous of doing things fast . 
 people jumped off even on the sidewalks when they saw our van closing in . 
 the loud sound of the siren and the roar of the engine cleared the way . 
 i heard one officer smugly comment , `` no one stands when the emissaries of ira take the road . '' 
 suddenly , the van horned loud and the breaks screeched as i slid forwards . 
 i saw from the front glass that there were big cans ranked in the middle of the road blocking all traffic . 
 the officers in the other cars got down to investigate . 
 i slid the pendant around my wrist into the locks and unshackled myself ; at that very instant , something banged against our van and it whirled around . 
 then , the door slid open and a hand pulled me out of the van and then inside a car ; the next instant , the car sniffed smoke , bolted backwards , then bulleted through the crowd . 
 i looked back and the police cars all confused looked like miniatures in the far distance . 
 the car fired , shook , dodged , horned , and shot like flashes of lightning through the streets ; then , i realized that i was afraid . 
 in a flip of moment , we were parked before a huge monument . 
 i looked at the man who drove , and he turned to me . 
 `` do n't fear , '' he said . 
 i was sent for your rescue . '' 
 he wore a black suit over a white collar and his eyes blazed with pure crystal fire . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my name is guardian . '' 
 i felt a hand on my shoulders and looked back . 
 it was inno , and she was smiling . 
 my eyes were filled with tears . 
 clever and the fair i took her in my arms and embraced her . 
 `` who is providence ? '' 
 i asked guardian . 
 `` he orchestrates everything that is good . 
 he 'll bring you to the one . '' 
 `` why do n't you take us out of here ? 
 i know you can ! '' 
 `` no , i ca n't . 
 i can only operate in the sphere that i 'm sent into and in the role and powers that i 'm sent with . 
 each world is a sphere , or a game , with the sets that define its meaning , and i can only operate in the capacity and to the extent that the game allows . '' 
 `` but , this game is an endless sophistry ... . '' 
 `` it is not ; for the chains of magic and fear shall soon be broken . '' 
 `` i want to go to my mommy ! '' 
 whimpered innocence . 
 we both looked at her . 
 `` go and find them ; for this is your goal next , '' said guardian . 
 `` how shall i do that and where ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` go and providence will guide you , '' he replied . 
 `` but , now , i must go . '' 
 `` wait , but what about wisdom ? 
 where shall i find her ? '' 
 `` out of the mouth of the little and despised , you will learn the art of wondering and find light for your eyes ; then shall you meet wisdom . '' 
 he looked at me and smiled ; then , it appeared as if there was a warm fire that kindled in the pupil of his eyes . 
 there was a little flash and guardian disappeared . 
 i looked at inno . 
 she had fallen asleep . 
 i placed her softly in the seat and pulled the belt around her . 
 then , i turned on the headlights and looked ahead of me . 
 before me was a giant monument of a lady made up of gold . 
 she was decked with costly stones and a crown of diamonds coruscated on her head . 
 on the pedestal below the statue were engraved the words : avaritia the root of this world around her were six golden poles with lamps burning on their top . 
 the lamp heads looked like the head of a toad . 
 i looked around and saw that there were four other statues on the four corners of this square ; for we were now in this square which , surprisingly , was lone . 
 there was no one . 
 i looked at the images on the four corners and wondered that they too had names engraved on them and banners flying above them like the ones in luxuria . 
 the images were made of silver and were of toads that stood like men . 
 i saw that there was a sinisterly craving jolly in their eyes , while their belly looked so filled as if ready to burst . 
 each held an object in his hand . 
 the first toad held a whip ; the second , a sword ; the third , a balance ; and the fourth , a measuring rod . 
 on each was engraved the words , respectively : class , conquest , commerce , and construction . 
 i took out the scroll and looked at it . 
 a map zoomed in and i saw where we were . 
 i still was wondering that the place was empty , when i heard the sound of footsteps towards us . 
 i turned and saw a young man running towards us with a little case in his hands . 
 `` hello sir ! '' 
 the man came to my window and greeted , `` are you going to the fair ? 
 i was so engaged in my work that i had lost track of the events , and when i had finished i realized that all had left , the last bus as well , to the fair and i was left alone . 
 i 'm so glad to find at least you here . 
 i 'll be grateful if you give a lift to the place ! '' 
 `` well , first of all , i do not know you ; and , secondly , i was n't planning to go the fair even . '' 
 `` my name is clever , sir , and i 'm an optician by profession . 
 well , i 'm sorry to have troubled you . 
 but , you do n't seem to be from this province , do you ? '' 
 `` no , sir ! '' 
 `` been coming from luxuria , i suppose . '' 
 `` yes , and how did you deduce that ? '' 
 `` well , '' he spoke with an air of carelessness , `` i visited the garments store on luxuria once and saw a number of such coats that you are wearing . 
 they are certainly quite express made and , of course , quite noticeable as well . '' 
 `` oh , i see . '' 
 he raised his brow a little as if studying something , then said , `` i recently obtained a pair of marvelous glasses , you see , and i wonder if you 'd like to take a look at them ... '' `` i 'm surely not for purchasing anything , sir ! '' 
 `` i 'm sure they 'll fit too well on your face . 
 i was planning to take them all to the fair ; but , since you do n't seem to be coming ... and , i 'm possibly not able to make to there , i wonder if it was n't for you that i am delayed -lsb- he winked -rsb- in order that you get the glasses . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i guarantee you 'd look quite different ... and almost all new , '' he added with an appealing smile . 
 i smirked . 
 he opened the case , and pulled a little box out of it and opened it , putting it in the reflection of light . 
 the crystal clear glasses glimmered . 
 `` how much are they for ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` fifty eight , '' he replied . 
 `` they 're made by the best manufacturers in the city , the glancers . '' 
 my first thought was to take it , thinking it would certainly aid a disguise , but then i suddenly remembered that i was without a wallet . 
 the purse that piety gave me came in my mind , but i could n't think of using it for such unthought purchases , of course . 
 clever seemed to be reading consternations on my face . 
 `` i was thinking , that in case you were going on the direction to the fair , you could drop me somewhere near it ... a normal taxi fare would amount to 49 bucks ; but , i 'll trade this , anyway , for the rest , of course will come to me by the profit i could make if i reach there before the two last calls . 
 what would you say ? 
 that way you not only get these and drop me there , but save your money as well , provided you 're going that way . '' 
 `` which way is it ? '' 
 `` on the last turn towards gula ; the fair is bound to profit greatly from our neighbors for sure . 
 i would n't want to miss it . '' 
 `` okay , please get in . '' 
 we glided through a few lone streets before catching the traffic on the main road . 
 it seemed that the fair was a significant one , for there were a number of citizens from ira speeding towards it . 
 i did n't seem to see any merchants or traders , and the shops were also closed . 
 evidently , as clever had said , they had all already made their way to the fair to set their stalls in line . 
 we reached the last turn on the way of gula and took it . 
 a number of policemen were already arrayed in sets to guard the place . 
 i saw that they wore the symbol of toad on their badges . 
 each also swung a little torch on his hip . 
 there were lady police officers as well . 
 `` stop please ! '' 
 clever said . 
 `` pull your hood well over your head and wear these ! '' 
 he said handing over the glasses to me . 
 i looked surprised . 
 he gestured and said , `` quick ! '' 
 and pushed the hood half down my forehead . 
 i donned the glasses , and was surprised to realize that the sight grew brighter on wearing them . 
 at that moment , i saw a policeman walk up to us . 
 `` has the fair already begun , officer ? '' 
 clever inquired . 
 `` i hope we wo n't miss our stalls . '' 
 `` oh , it 's you the optician , '' the officer sighed , `` we 're really on the watch out ... the city is alerted about a certain man , a confederate of the enemy , who is prowling around this city and must be brought to trial . 
 he is said to have escaped with a little child . '' 
 he looked to me and raised a questioning brow . 
 `` is it so ? '' 
 clever remarked . 
 `` i hope this situation does n't spoil the mood of festivity here . 
 we had only expected excitement , fun , and , of course , good sales on this occasion . '' 
 `` oh no , you do n't need to worry about that . 
 only the police are alerted . 
 the citizens know nothing of it . '' 
 `` that looks better . 
 if you excuse us , we need to get to our stall as sooner as possible . '' 
 `` go ahead sir . 
 the glasses that you gave to my wife have helped her see things better now . 
 okay , all the best for the sales ! '' 
 he bid us goodbye . 
 `` why did you ask me to pull the hood and wear the glasses ? '' 
 i asked clever . 
 `` any idiot could tell from your shorn head that you had escaped prison at luxuria . 
 and , the fact that the hairs have n't shot up prove that you 've escaped being caught and imprisoned by ira ; which is quite an incredible thing to have happened . 
 you can know one thing for sure , ira wo n't sit calm until you are brought to her court of vengeance . '' 
 i was struck . 
 `` let 's get in , '' he said . 
 `` this will be the safest place for you , in the moment ! '' 
 i wondered if i could trust this stranger . 
 but , there was no doubt that he had just saved me from a danger . 
 he found a stall a little away from the entrance , and began arranging his stuff as passersby turned onlookers to what he was doing . 
 `` enjoy the fair , young man , '' he said to me , `` there 's nothing like the fair of avaritia in the whole of magic city . '' 
 i smiled and we walked away . 
 chance , fate , and avaritia i had taken inno to a small food corner and bought for her a piece of sweet bread with the money that piety had given me . 
 we sat there she ate the bread holding it in her little fingers . 
 there were a few stout men sitting on a table thrown a bit far from us . 
 they were eating too much and seemed too disgustfully voracious . 
 `` you guys from gula make our stalls grow fatter ! '' 
 a waitress remarked as she dropped a tray of meat on their table . 
 they did n't respond to her , but just jumped on the meat and began tearing chunks of bites off it . 
 `` why are they eating like that ? '' 
 inno asked . 
 `` they might be very hungry , '' i said . 
 `` but , why do they eat like that even if they 're so hungry ? '' 
 `` because their hunger is of a different kind . '' 
 `` what kind ? '' 
 `` like a pig . '' 
 she laughed . 
 i pondered at my own misery and wondered the meaning of it all . 
 or , was the desire for meaning itself a misery of delusion , i wondered . 
 i felt lone , disillusioned , and pointless , except for the fact of inno . 
 perhaps , if not for her , i would have lost purpose . 
 immediately , my mind began engaging in thoughts of how to reach piety and faith , perhaps also deliver religare , and then someway find a way out of this vortex of darkness . 
 `` what should i do next ? '' 
 i wondered as everything ahead looked bleak and impossible . 
 i thought about the map . 
 `` if there is a `` where '' to go , there will be a road to it ; it would only be meaningless to build a road in the darkness to just nowhere ... i know where i need to go now ; i only need to discover the route ... . 
 there will be many routes ; many of which , of course , not even mentioned in the maps of this city , for these are not explicit . 
 i must discover one of those ... '' it seemed to me to be a plausible idea . 
 `` once i get there , and the mission is done , then ... . 
 , then '' i wondered . 
 i had reached to the end of myself and at a new cycle of frustration . 
 `` you seem to be in grave consternation ! '' 
 i turned to my right a saw a lean middle-aged man sitting on a chair closeby , smiling at me . 
 he wore a simple and neat white shirt tucked into his brown trousers and had a certain curly waves of hair on his head that evidently could n't be groomed . 
 his face looked casual and carefree . 
 he wore a gold ring on his left finger , and a brown thread on his right . 
 `` i saw you arrive with clever . 
 he has a particular dislike for me , you know ... well , these businessmen , they look at me as some kind of an omen . 
 but , i do surprise them with my unwits sometimes . '' 
 `` who are you , sir ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` should n't i have asked you the same ? 
 but , it does n't matter what or who you are to me or to anyone , is n't it so ? 
 of course or perhaps or may be not ; whatever ... '' he drew his chair close to me and spoke in whispers with a crystal spark in his eyes , `` the truth is that truth is a catchword ; reality is a myth ; existence is a game of accommodative meanings that we create in order to be who we are and find our own identity . 
 that 's where frustration strikes hard . 
 instead , why do n't just let go , then you 'll see magic in every shade of hue , in every breeze of the wind , in every blade of grass , and every twist of the atom . 
 let things be what they are and let things be known as they let themselves appear . 
 suffering results from overstraining of the brain to accommodate the world to an attribute that does n't belong to it , namely meaning ... is n't that strange ? '' 
 `` i do n't get what you say , '' i replied feeling even more strained by what he said . 
 `` you do n't get it because you strain to link things together into a meaningful story . 
 you do n't realize that a story is only beautiful because it happens , because it is let to happen so . '' 
 `` what has happened to me is not so meaningful after all ! '' 
 `` but , is n't it beautiful ? '' 
 `` how can something be beautiful without being meaningful ? '' 
 `` if you just experience it without any demand whatsoever . '' 
 `` that 's passive subjection , enslavement . '' 
 `` what is not ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the butterfly dances to the rhythm of the wind flapping wings with colors from the rainbow , the peacock prances with the air of a king spreading feathers in a fanlike show ; the mortals covet their beauty and sigh and moan casting their faces low , not realizing that it 's their covetous ambition that turns them into the world below . 
 but , just let it go , let it go . 
 let be what the rhythm of this dice-play calls for . 
 be the dance , be the prance , then you 'll be beauty without straining to see the beautiful . '' 
 `` are you a dance teacher ? '' 
 `` yes , perhaps ... but , perhaps , more a dance maker ? '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` i am chance ... '' `` and , i am his sister fate , '' a young lady came by him and said , sitting on another chair . 
 she was a tall and elegant looking lady , with chiseled and determined features , except for those dark rings around her eyes . 
 `` you got a lovely kid there ! '' 
 she smiled pointing at inno . 
 inno did n't smile ; she turned just to munching again . 
 `` yes , thanks ! '' 
 i said , `` i 'm delighted to meet you both . '' 
 `` delight is a word foreordained , '' fate smiled and replied . 
 i noticed that her smiles were mingled with some sort of rigidity composed of indifference ; quite difficult to distinguish one from the other . 
 `` it is a matter of coincidence , '' chance objected . 
 `` aha , brother , there again , how often would you flip the dime ; for can you see through the rigors of time that the flip and the dime are both altogether the play of fate ? '' 
 `` or the dance of chance ? '' 
 he gave a mischievous smile . 
 `` fate plays the dice and the dice dances by chance , '' she replied , raising an intelligent brow . 
 `` what dice ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` let 's ask the child , '' fate proposed . 
 then turning to inno , `` what is your name , child ? '' 
 `` innocence ! '' 
 inno stopped munching and replied . 
 `` good ! 
 do you like to dance or do you like to play ? '' 
 she did n't say anything but , only looked at her as she would at a stranger . 
 then , i saw her eyes moist and tears roll her cheek . 
 i immediately left my chair , and picked her up in my arms , trying to console , saying `` no worries baby , it 's alright , it 's alright . '' 
 then , turning to fate and chance , i apologized , `` i 'm sorry , she might be a bit afraid of strangers ! '' 
 `` so , she does n't happen to be your child , then ? '' 
 chance remarked . 
 then watching my dismay , `` well , you used the word might . '' 
 `` oh , yea . 
 she 's my niece . 
 i met them after long , and i thought to show her the fair . '' 
 `` yes , go on , you should . 
 hope she 'll forget all this embarrassment and soon find some laughter in store with dance or play , '' chance turned to fate and to us and smilingly said . 
 `` thank you ! 
 and , enjoy the fair , '' i greeted them as i left . 
 `` the same with you ! '' 
 they conjoined . 
 there was a merry-go-round on one corner and a few benches strewn around it . 
 i asked inno , `` would you like to go in it ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she replied , `` can we sit on the benches there instead ! '' 
 she pointed at them and asked . 
 `` yes , '' i replied . 
 the kids were all jolly on the merry-go-round , the parents and elders standing by with merriment in their eyes and gestures ; some screaming , some laughing , and some playfully dancing in the prodigal lightings of this night city 's fair . 
 one round of the merry-go-round had slowed to an end . 
 a few alighted and a few others boarded it . 
 i turned to inno and saw that she was smiling , looking at the children . 
 `` would you like to go in it ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 `` na ! '' 
 she replied without turning towards me , still looking at the kids and smiling . 
 `` the dance of chance or the play of fate ... '' i thought , as my eyes followed the direction where i had left fate and chance . 
 they had disappeared . 
 `` or both ? '' 
 i asked myself . 
 i wondered what all of this meant . 
 `` where might have they disappeared ? '' 
 i thought . 
 `` wow , does n't it all look like a big dream and my own thoughts and acts ... are they still my own or the outworking of a dream that i take as real ... can one change the direction of a dream ? 
 if someone could tell me ; but that someone would also first have to enter my dream , and be part of the dream ? 
 then , how could i trust him ? '' 
 my consternation increased . 
 inno looked at me and at that moment i relaxed down and smiled . 
 `` can i have a look at your scroll , sir ? '' 
 she asked interrupting all my thoughts . 
 i did n't ask why . 
 perhaps , she had seen something that got her curious about this . 
 whatever , i at least felt relieved that she was in a playful disposition . 
 i took out the scroll and rolled it open before her . 
 the image of a cat playing with a ball was in it . 
 inno laughed . 
 then , i noticed that the ball once looked like a mouse and once like a ball . 
 when it looked like a mouse , the cat pounced upon it ; when it looked like a ball , she played with it . 
 whenever the cat pounced on the mouse , it turned to a ball . 
 inno laughed . 
 `` it 's neither this nor that ! '' 
 i thought to myself . 
 the thought struck me and i asked myself , `` why do i always only look at everything as either/or ... do i know all the options , yet ? 
 is n't there something greater than this all ? '' 
 a siren rolled , and then a voice called : `` attention , ladies and gentlemen , the lady avaritia addresses in a while ! 
 citizens are requested to gather at the center to witness the wrapping up of the fair . '' 
 immediately , i saw stalls closing down , the gamers finishing with the last rounds , and people hurrying in the direction of the center . 
 i arose with inno in my arms and proceeded in the same direction , when i felt a hand on my shoulder and turned back . 
 a narrow escape `` hope you scraped some fun off the fair ! '' 
 clever smiled and said . 
 he was speaking loud since the sudden siren had also stirred up much commotion that voluminously flooded the range of air . 
 `` yes , we did ! '' 
 i answered aloud . 
 `` going to the center ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he replied , `` let 's be quick ! '' 
 we hurried to the center . 
 there was a great fountain , lit by colorful and playful lights , in the middle of fair with a good sized open space in the front for people to stand . 
 there was a stage set up by the fountain adorned with balloons , ribbons , and flowers . 
 armed guards stood all around it . 
 a fine looking gentleman with a red suit on stood at the lectern smiling profusely , as if smiles were all biting at him . 
 behind him stood an array of five elegantly dressed personages that seemed to be officials . 
 the lady avaritia was easy to distinguish by her golden silk vesture and a crown of sparkling diamonds . 
 also , on the stage were fate and chance . 
 we were able to get a little close to the stage . 
 when the people had all assembled , a second siren called , and the man in the red suit smiled even more torrentially to the extent that his face swelled and his words dropped like celebrative fireworks . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen , '' he began , seemingly quite conscious of the presence of avaritia in all his conduct , `` it is our pleasure to have you all at this fair again . 
 your presence and participation add to the pleasure and romance ... '' `` huh , roma : radix omnium malorum avaritia ! '' 
 i heard someone murmur and i turned to find that it was a rather unkempt man , having meager appearance , short stature , and a worn-out face , his eyes fixated on the stage . 
 `` evil ... evil ... . 
 root of all evil , '' he murmured again . 
 `` fate and chance , '' the red suited man continued , `` had been appointed by our honorable lady to pick the trader who had affected the best business , and so i would call on them to please step forward and announce the winner . '' 
 there were cheers and great applause as fate and chance stepped forward together hand in hand towards the podium . 
 it did seem that the red suited man did n't feel very comfortable having had to step behind . 
 `` choosing a winner is not always quite an easy job , when two are appointed to the task , '' chance began . 
 the audience joined in cheering again . 
 my criterion of choice was simple : the one with the greatest guts to face the highest risk of loss -- the perfect gambler . '' 
 `` mine was a bit different , '' fate joined in , `` the one with the guts to embrace risk as riches -- the apathetic utilitarian . '' 
 `` fatal intoxication , fatal entrapment , fatal fate -- the false shadow of false chance ! '' 
 the unkempt man murmured again oblivious to all around , as all others were to him . 
 the crowd cheered again . 
 `` so , who wins ? '' 
 someone shouted . 
 `` yes , who wins , who wins ? '' 
 they all clamored . 
 `` the winner is the optician , clever ! '' 
 fate announced as a jubilant crowd cheered uncontrollably . 
 clever looked at me and smiled . 
 then , sprinted towards the stage where he was being welcomed by fate and chance and given a little trophy by avaritia . 
 he , then , turned and stood at a little corner on the stage . 
 i heard the unkempt man 's murmur : `` so shall curiosity gain hand over risk and finally swallow wallowing greed in his bottomless mire . '' 
 he seemed to be an intelligent man to me , but i wondered why he looked so unkempt . 
 i turned at him , and at that instant was taken aback . 
 the man had disappeared . 
 i ran my eyes all over trying to catch a glimpse of him ; but , he was nowhere to be found . 
 `` my dear subjects , '' avaritia announced and the whole crowd went mad with ecstasy . 
 `` speak , noble lady , our lifegiver and ruler ! '' 
 some shouted . 
 `` the dials of fate and chance turn in favor towards those who tap into the magical power of mammon . 
 money is magic ; and magic , money ; everything else , its slave . 
 money is influence , money is strength ; money is freedom , money is true wealth . 
 so , never stop urging forward , amassing greater ; for someone must always top the other . 
 contentment , fear , and sloth are the greatest destroyers of your power . 
 contentment makes one impotent ; impotence creates insecurity ; and insecurity breeds rebellion , rebellion against our queen , rebellion against the kingdom of magic , rebellion against self . 
 so , never stop short of any higher scale you can fix for yourself ; and , when you 've reached that , fix a greater one . 
 do n't be compelled by need alone . 
 be compelled by the glory of your mother , by me , your governess avaritia ; for success is defined by prosperity and prosperity is inherited by those who are faithful to me ! '' 
 the crowd now , on hearing this , was thrown into uncontrollable ecstasy , calling out , shouting slogans , gesticulating with hands beating the air , some crying tears , and it all seemed to land everything into a heavy confusion . 
 `` let 's go , let 's go ! '' 
 inno cried . 
 i looked at her eyes . 
 she was afraid . 
 then , suddenly the siren howled striking the commotion into a dead silence . 
 two men in black suits ascended the stage and began whispering something in the ears of avaritia . 
 while they did that , i saw her eyes turn fierce and hawk-like and i felt a premonition . 
 `` there has been an emergency call , '' she spoke again with a grave voice . 
 `` our city has been intruded by a number of enemies who are bent on our destruction . 
 we received news of a young man who has escaped prison and is now target of the search . 
 he is said to have a child with him . '' 
 i squirmed , but then felt there was n't any need to be alarmed since there were many men with children in arms there until i turned towards the stage again , and at this moment caught the eyes of clever ; they were unblinkingly riveted on me . 
 i shuddered at the way he looked . 
 the lady continued , `` there are a few more others who have been spotted but not caught yet ; however , we anticipate the final victory soon and the elimination of all threat whatsoever altogether very soon . 
 in view of all this , the city requests the cooperation of the citizens to nab the criminals . 
 anyone who cooperates through providing information or help in capturing the intruders in anyway will receive high rewards and honors . 
 anyone , however , who cooperates with the enemies against us will be counted as traitors and tried along with them . '' 
 at this moment i noticed a spark in clever 's eyes , and he moved towards avaritia and began whispering something to her . 
 i began moving away silently through the crowd , and as i moved i removed the glasses that the optician had given and threw it in a corner . 
 but by then , the whole crowd was in voracious commotion and i also saw search agents spreading all over the place . 
 i reached near the gates and saw that it was blocked by the guards and ira 's agents . 
 the crowd went trampling about in mad warlike passion , and i was gripped with fear now because of inno . 
 i tugged her closely , and turned around to see clever , at a distance , accompanied by two or three officers running towards me . 
 i began to run , howling , clamoring , and wildly shouting at all , that for a moment i struck lightning and surprise in the nerves of those around . 
 in a split i had broken through the guards , had jumped on to the road , and was fleeing through the streets , while the mad cursing crowd and angry officers chased me from behind . 
 i ran like a torpedo , crying all along when suddenly it seemed that a mist rose in front of me clouding the ground ahead . 
 i heard the crowd behind me halt as fading voices cautioned , `` the poisonous gas ... the poisonous gas ! '' 
 i stopped as well , turned behind and then towards the mist . 
 there was silence . 
 then , a strange thing occurred . 
 i saw the figure of faith on the face of the mist beckoning to us with a smile . 
 i turned behind and saw the agents lift their guns towards me . 
 in that moment , i turned round and hurled myself into the mist , leaving the spray of bullets all behind . 
 i had leapt into the unknown . 
 sophia i found myself in a wet , dark , chill , lonely street . 
 the clouds above growled in anger dropping cold perspiration down on us . 
 `` that was a narrow one , is n't it ? '' 
 a heard a familiar voice . 
 i turned around and saw the little murmuring man that i had seen earlier . 
 he now had a pleasant face and his hair was groomed well backwards . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my name is seer , '' he replied . 
 `` they also call me prophet . 
 i 've stayed behind to only let you know that it will not be long any hence . 
 your liberation draws closer . 
 i 've only come to prepare the way . 
 when the one is come , then you shall see the light . '' 
 `` what shall i do now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` keep walking . 
 keep moving until the coming of the one and the great battle of the day ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` how long ... how long shall i have to wait ? '' 
 i asked , but at that moment he zoomed out of sight like a tv tube switching off , without waiting to hear , leaving behind a deep and hollow darkness . 
 i looked right and saw a dim light at a distance . 
 i began walking in its direction . 
 now , as i walked i felt that i was being followed by someone behind . 
 so , i turned back , but i found no one . 
 so , i strolled on . 
 but , the sense of being followed grew greater ; so , i stopped again and turned behind staring into the dark , hoping to catch some form . 
 but , i found none . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 inno gently asked . 
 `` nothing , '' i replied . 
 `` then why do you stop ? '' 
 `` i thought there might be something behind us . '' 
 `` i can hear some sound ... tap . . 
 tap . '' 
 `` yes , let 's go , '' i replied and walked hurriedly towards the dim light ahead . 
 but , the faster i moved , the faster did the sounds of the tapping and the footsteps increase from behind . 
 we reached the end of the alley , crossed the road and stood there waiting for the next . 
 a decent looking man wearing dark glasses emerged out of the darkness . 
 he looked harmless , yet aggressive at the same time . 
 he walked with a lifted head , his chest thrust forward , and held a walking stick in his hand , which i surmised to be the source of the tapping sound . 
 he walked groping for the ground ; by which i discerned that he must be blind . 
 he held an umbrella open in his other hand , which did slow his motion . 
 he crossed the road and came to where we were . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 inno asked . 
 `` oh , so there 's really someone there ? '' 
 he remarked . 
 `` a sweet little one , i presume . 
 and who is your friend there ? '' 
 `` i 'm her uncle , sir ... just two of us here . 
 it does seem to be a rather very lonely road , '' i answered . 
 `` yes , it is . 
 all the citizens were summoned to the gula 's banquet , you know . 
 she has arranged a magnificent treat for her subjects ; so , they have all herded to stomach as much as they can ... by the way , if you have n't got an umbrella , please do come under mine . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i replied as we slipped under it , `` are you on way to there ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i just stayed back because i did n't want anybody to feel i was dependent . 
 once i knew they were all gone , i started on . '' 
 `` do you think you 'd find the way ? '' 
 `` no problem . 
 my brother , sensus will soon be here to pick me in his car . 
 we have a program there together anyway . '' 
 he smiled . 
 then , turning half-way towards me , he continued , `` i have n't introduced myself . 
 my name is imagination or imagino in short , and i 'm a magician by profession here . 
 the people of this district are horribly given to surfeiting ; so , i recently came up with a magical invention that would cure their surfeiting by means of magical surfing . 
 a pouch of this powder added to any dainty brings all the power of it to sublime effect ; for , what kind of experience is there more magical than that of devouring , for certainly in it is the entirety of experience realized ... ah ! 
 a man would give up any pleasure for the pleasure of the perfect bite ... , the smell of sourness that makes your tongue run its water down ; the sight of the hot sweet that makes you forgetful of all promises ever ; the touch of delicacy with the finger , the lips , the tongue ; the insatiable taste of every serve ; the sound of the gulp , bite , and the crunch ... truly , eating makes the perfect man ! '' 
 i wondered that a blind man could speak like that . 
 but , then i remembered that in the world where i had come there were some blind men who had been the best poets indeed . 
 as he was speaking , a car arrived and the driver , whom i instantly could recognize as his brother , called out with a large brimming smile , `` bellies for berries and berries for bellies , imagino ... is there anything else worthwhile ? '' 
 `` chilies for cherries and cherries for chilies , sensus ... that will make it quite worthwhile , '' imagino shouted back and they laughed together . 
 then , imagino turned to me , `` my brother sensus prepares a special drink which he calls black berry beer . 
 when i add my magical powder called chilled chilly cheer to it , it suddenly bursts into colors , which though i ca n't see , i quite visibly know , for my vision has greater power than those who are n't blind . 
 you should see it when it happens . 
 drink that and the rest is ecstasy . '' 
 `` what kind of ecstasy ? 
 do you know that ? '' 
 `` well , '' sensus interrupted , `` it helps one see things with closed eyes , you know . '' 
 `` you mean just like in a dream ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 sensus asked back , a bit puzzled . 
 `` i mean they can see , eat , drink and enjoy things that are n't really out there , '' i mumbled . 
 `` well , how do you know they are n't really out there when you really enjoy them , '' imagino countered . 
 `` and , how do you know what you 're enjoying now is more real than what you enjoy then , '' sensus asked . 
 `` you spend money for what you eat now ; but , you perhaps do n't for the other , '' i answered . 
 `` that 's it ! 
 that 's it ! '' 
 sensus burst into laughter , growing red and pointing his finger at me . 
 then , he chuckled and added , `` so , that 's what you call a dream , ha ! 
 but , well you do have to spend you know , for they get to eat all those things in their `` dream '' because they pay us for having it earlier , you see , '' he raised his brow in a you-see-how-intelligent-i-am way , `` it 's like pay before you eat ; and we profit thereby ! '' 
 he laughed again . 
 he certainly seemed to have a remarkable sense of fun . 
 i wondered what it meant to have a dream within a dream . 
 so , they sell dreams , i thought . 
 `` are you coming with us ? '' 
 sensus asked . 
 `` yes , are n't you coming with us ? '' 
 imagino joined in . 
 `` no , '' i replied , `` we are in a hurry to meet someone . '' 
 i certainly wished to stay away from any more dreamy entanglements . 
 `` oh , you should n't miss our first shot ... '' imagino sighed ; then , handing over the umbrella into my hands , he said , `` okay , keep this one . 
 you 'll need this . 
 may be , i 'll get it back from you later on ... '' he said , `` if we meet ! '' 
 he got into the car and they grunted off leaving a smoky trail behind . 
 the heavens above roared and burned aflame . 
 i had forgotten that i once knew the starry sky . 
 this city had none . 
 there was a sparkling train of flashing lightning and a loud peal of crackling thunder . 
 inno clutched me hard , as i pinned myself against the wall . 
 a blue-white spark of fire fell right in front of us , but was absorbed immediately by the lamp pole nearby . 
 the lamp burst and fell to the ground . 
 a dim light flickered from a cleaving between the stones in the lower side of the wall . 
 i bent down and touched the part and was amazed to find that the whole block of stones felt as if it could be moved . 
 i tapped the place with the umbrella and heard a hollow resound . 
 i put inno down and tried to remove the block . 
 it shook a bit and then was off . 
 a dim light lit the room inside . 
 it seemed that this was a room without a door , walled over , with only the camouflage of a stone tiled plank as the way in and out . 
 suddenly , from the other side of the road i heard the sound of someone running . 
 there were some men shouting aloud , `` that way ! 
 that way ! '' 
 and i heard hasty footsteps rushing towards us . 
 it suddenly hit me that i was probably spotted by them . 
 quickly , i placed inno in and entered the room ; then , turning over , i drew the tile and shut it hard . 
 i did n't want the light inside to spill of the gaps gathering suspicion in the dark ; so , i turned off the lamp . 
 just then , in a thud , the tile pulled out and something crawled in pulling the tile on again in the swiftest agility . 
 hurried steps followed and stood out . 
 `` she was just here ! '' 
 one man shouted . 
 `` disappeared in the dark ! '' 
 another cried . 
 `` divide the search ! '' 
 one called . 
 they divided and we heard the footsteps fade away . 
 `` stay where you are and move not an inch ! '' 
 the voice of a lady commanded us . 
 i held inno tightly . 
 an orange rod glowed slowly in her hands softly lighting the room . 
 `` do n't move , '' she repeated as she crossed over and switched on the light . 
 the room had one chair , one table , and one bed . 
 the lady we had just now encountered looked young and strong . 
 her face bore the marks of intense thoughtfulness . 
 she removed her coat and , as she hung it on the back of the chair , i noticed that she wore a blue checkered shirt and a pair of navy blue trousers . 
 she gave a quick glance at us , then sat on the chair . 
 the room evidently belonged to her . 
 `` what are you both doing here ? '' 
 she asked , with an air of indifference . 
 `` we got caught in the rain and , seeing the tile pull off and the light burn , we crept in to save our heads . '' 
 `` i see , '' she noted . 
 there was disbelief and apathy in her tone . 
 `` that was quick , '' she said , `` and , you already even seemed to have found some friends here . 
 is n't friendliness quite incredible when showed by the blind ? '' 
 i was shocked . 
 how did she know that i had met imagino ? 
 did she also know anything more ? 
 she seemed to have noticed my consternation and answered it , `` the umbrella ... it is not something that is usually stolen ; of course , it was lent and lent by the blind imagino , for it belongs to him . 
 also , you have n't been quite drenched ; so , you 've not been long in the rain . 
 apart from that , i am intrigued that had to turn the lamp off . '' 
 she looked piercingly in my eyes . 
 `` it . . 
 it , '' i was trying to reply something yet unknown when inno interrupted : `` we 're looking for my mommy and daddy , '' she said . 
 some people had been trying to hurt us , so we must hide . 
 do you know where they are ? 
 can you help us ? '' 
 the lady 's eyes turned to her and now i saw her face grow soft . 
 `` come here child , '' she said in a gentle voice . 
 inno ran towards her . 
 `` so , you 're the two escapees , '' she remarked at me , though looking at inno and smoothing her hair . 
 `` yes , '' i mumbled hesitatingly . 
 `` i am sophia , the sister of imagino and sensus , '' she said , `` and , i am an outcaste of this city . 
 hamartia tried to use me at first to develop schemes of words against the one . 
 she even got imagino and sensus fully on her side . 
 imagino is now her chief magical advisor and sensus is the palatial pleasure advisor of sarx . 
 however , when i found that what hamartia required was something against my very self -- i could n't do it without contradicting myself -- i refused . 
 so , she commissioned adikia , the commander of the armies of injustice , to imprison me in the dark island inside superbia . 
 adikia was on way to arrest me , when i managed to get away from superbia and hide here in gula . 
 i am one of the enemies of the state . '' 
 `` her mother 's name is piety , and her father 's name is faith , '' i explained about inno . 
 sophia gave a startled look . 
 then , looking again at inno , she said , `` i saw them when they were brought to trial . 
 it was a mockery . 
 there is nothing called a trial here ; it is just a one-sided game . 
 the aim is annihilation . '' 
 she knew that inno would n't understand the terms . 
 `` where do we find them now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 but , she had stood up , and placing inno down , rushed towards me , snatched the umbrella off my hands and opened it . 
 it was quickly examined , then placed on the table . 
 she pulled her coat on ; then , motioning us to be silent made signs for us to move out . 
 `` you must be tired ; take some rest ! '' 
 she said . 
 she killed the lamp and we were out on the pavement , right across the road , and dashing off . 
 from a distance , we heard the grunts of vehicles . 
 we stopped and looked . 
 they were on the spot of the room we had just left . 
 a little examination by the agents and soon the tile was ripped and officers were inside . 
 `` friendliness is not always the signature of a friend , '' sophia quipped as we rushed on and off the scene . 
 the umbrella was a trap . 
 we had n't moved more than a few meters ahead when we realized that the trap was an insidiously well managed one . 
 the headlights of two trucks and six motorbikes suddenly appeared from a turn ahead . 
 they were closing in at a rapid pace . 
 we looked back and saw that the road had been blocked by the officers . 
 i was looking at the angry sky and wondering . 
 suddenly , there was a clanking sound and i was pulled down along with inno . 
 stranger sophia had managed to rip off a sewer lid and pulled us into it . 
 it all happened in the twinkling of an eye , and the barred lid was closed . 
 we were curved now in a 4 feet deep gutter that had , by now , a foot of rain water gushing through . 
 i held inno in my lap so that she could sit straight and we kept our heads close to the lid . 
 the light from the headlights grew near and then disappeared completely , leaving a fading trail of humdrum from the vehicles that eventually stopped . 
 it was all dark again . 
 i wondered that my life had all been underground . 
 if hiding was all reality ; then , the world did look like a cursed reality now . 
 how long , i asked . 
 what wretchedness , i thought . 
 the sky still flashed and gurgled , spitting rain on the ground : it did look like spit on our faces looking up the barred lid above . 
 sophia softly pushed the lid up and made sure that it was all fine . 
 then , she climbed up and pulled us back onto the road . 
 i marveled at her agility , but was not afraid to follow her lead -- she acted even before i could summon ideas for doing some proper thinking . 
 her action nailed me into submission ; for they always seemed to be well calculated . 
 we moved swiftly and found an intersection . 
 the trucks had come from the right . 
 i looked towards the left . 
 `` not that way , '' said sophia , `` we 'll go the way that they 've cleared . '' 
 we moved on . 
 we slipped into a dark street , walked through few turns of various streets and found ourselves in a market place . 
 the weather had become dry here and the heavens above were as dark as nothingness . 
 the walk we were on opened onto a square where there were a number of people . 
 the number of people did gradually rise through each street that drew close to the shopping area . 
 intriguingly , i noticed that the lamps here had a certain green shade . 
 it also seemed that the people here were a bit obsessed with snakes ; for these creatures , in their numerous varieties , served as the ground pattern for all commodities here : shoes , suits , and snacks alike . 
 sophia slowed her pace , and i followed suit . 
 from the distance , i could now notice that a number of policemen were stationed at the square . 
 two of them were approaching from in front of us . 
 they wore dark green uniforms and had serpent badges on . 
 `` this is invidia , the territory of envy , '' sophia whispered . 
 the two policemen were discussing something that seemed to be too important to them ; they just passed by us without even throwing a glance . 
 i felt relief . 
 we reached the square where a statue of the lady invidia stood . 
 she was seated on a coiled green viper . 
 a plank on the serpent had these words carved : invidia venom of the earth four lampposts stood on the four corners of the square , each bearing a serpent 's head with green light blazing from its eyes . 
 the first was called self-seeking ; the second , blindness ; the third , hatred ; and the fourth , rottenness . 
 i had a severe desire to just get away from this appalling and disgustful sight . 
 at that very moment , it seemed like the scene in front of me was torn apart like a canvas of painting , and a fiery dragon pierced through and leapt onto the middle of the square out of nowhere . 
 seated on it was invidia . 
 her dazzling eyes spotted us and within moments we fell on the ground bound with strong twigs . 
 i looked at inno and saw that she was bound as well . 
 immediately , officers surrounded us and sprayed a green gas on our eyes . 
 then , everything was pitch darkness and i fell unconscious . 
 i thought it was rain , and then i realized that it was water being thrown on my face , and was puzzled that i had n't yet awakened from this dream , as it seemed . 
 i looked up and saw that i was in some kind of a stony dungeon ; some officers stood there smiling at me sarcastically . 
 one of them looked at me with utter disgust . 
 i looked and saw that sophia and inno were still tied ; they were unconscious . 
 the disgustful looking officer pricked a baton under my cheek and asked , `` who else are with you ? '' 
 i answered nothing . 
 my mind reeled with the nauseating stench around . 
 the officer was disgusted . 
 `` get that thing out ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` spit it out or you 'll be impaled on a pole with your friends before all eyes ! '' 
 another one cried . 
 they looked extremely violent and vulgar . 
 `` please leave me alone for some time , '' i cried out loud . 
 inno and sophia awoke with a startle . 
 they officers looked stunned . 
 `` let me deliberate a little ; then , i 'll tell you what i wish to say . '' 
 they looked at each other and nodded . 
 `` think , then , '' the officer said , `` before your brains are spilled out ! '' 
 he then moved out and the others followed suit one by one . 
 i lowered my head in an utter sense of desperation . 
 `` do n't fret ! '' 
 sophia said , `` it 's impossible for darkness to overcome light ! '' 
 `` but , where light finds no way to enter , there darkness reigns . 
 that is the kingdom of darkness ! '' 
 `` if it were all dark , then why would i have a ray of hope ? '' 
 i found no answer . 
 i felt just confused . 
 i could think of no way out . 
 for the first time i felt that evil had triumphed over man through the venomous sting of envy . 
 at that instant , the only dim lights that lit our dungeon sizzled off and died , and it was all pitch dark . 
 inno cried with fear . 
 `` do n't be afraid ! '' 
 sophia tried to strengthen her . 
 i moved in every way possible to break off the strands ; but they held me tight . 
 i struggled and i felt sophia struggling too . 
 suddenly , it seemed that somebody stood close to me . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 i cried . 
 there was pin drop silence . 
 i could hear the panting of sophia and the cries of inno . 
 `` tell me , again , who is it ? '' 
 i cried out . 
 there was again a deep silence . 
 then , something touched my strands and they broke off loose . 
 the next instant , i sensed sophia and inno stand on their feet too . 
 `` run away ! '' 
 a voice calmly said , `` i 've come to take your place . '' 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 i asked groping around with my hands . 
 `` get away from here and do not worry about my name ; for , in a little while you shall see me again ! '' 
 `` no , tell me your name ? '' 
 `` they call me stranger here . 
 that 's all you need to know for the moment . 
 now , run ! '' 
 `` where do you live ? '' 
 `` i have no home here . '' 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 `` ask the ground beneath your feet what it does , ask the firmament above your head what it does , ask the daystar that fills the world with energy what it does , -lrb- now hidden from your view ; yet , not annulled -rrb- ask the heart that beats within your breast what it does , ask the cold rain pouring from the fiery sky what it does ; who has appointed it ? 
 what office does it hold ? 
 is it paid from the treasures of hamartia ? 
 or does sarx marshal it like he does the forces of wild desire ? 
 then you shall know that my office is not from below ; neither am i esteemed by this estranged world of woes . 
 sin finds nothing in me , nothing worthwhile but profuse enmity ! 
 do not ask any further ; for this is not the time to ask and answer ; run ! 
 run away from here ! 
 stop not to look back , turn neither to the left nor to the right ! 
 just run , run away from here ! '' 
 `` where to ? '' 
 `` just run away ! 
 away now ! '' 
 he cried and his voice struck us like an electricity ; in an instant we were jolted out of the dungeon and landed on a street . 
 the street was very dimly lit and littered with all kinds of refuse . 
 there was a far heavier stench here than ever that we had to cover our olfactory senses . 
 the houses were all dilapidated and on the verge of crumbling . 
 people walked clumsily on the road ; most just sat idle on the ground . 
 a giant tower loomed at a little distance and upon it were inscribed the words , babel easy come easy go we three stood there marveling with our mouths parted wide . 
 the walls of this part of the city , including the tower , were made of stones and resembled the back of a tortoise shell . 
 `` this is acedia , the province of sloth , '' muttered sophia . 
 `` what did stranger mean when he said that he had come to take our place ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but , one thing i know : he had come to save us . '' 
 `` i hope stranger is safe , '' inno spoke with a deep pity in her voice . 
 i took her in my arms . 
 `` yes , he 'll be safe dear , '' i said , `` if he knew how to get in , he sure knows how to get out as well . '' 
 but , who was this stranger after all , i wondered to myself . 
 deep inside i had an assurance . 
 providence had not failed us one more time . 
 `` if you promise to share with me some , i 'll show you the best liquor shop just a little away , '' someone suggested from behind . 
 i was about to turn back , but sophia gripped my hand . 
 sloth `` walk ! '' 
 she commanded , `` and never look back ! '' 
 i thought this was crazy . 
 but , i followed . 
 `` hey you , where are you running away ? '' 
 the drunken voice continued to call . 
 `` faster , faster ! '' 
 sophia called . 
 the dust from the ground swirled up and filled the air as we paced on . 
 we coughed as we walked . 
 the drunken man had begun singing : `` why do you run beating dust in the air ? 
 why do you hurry as if the world needs your care ? 
 hey , the world 's on its own , buddy ; you ai n't gon na make it any inch better ! 
 come , enjoy some rum , be a good bum ; let 's gulp some spirit and get into the gutter ! '' 
 we had already moved around the corner as his voice began to die away , and were moving ever quickly on . 
 this street looked even more disordered with dusty cloths , paper , and dead leaves strewn everywhere . 
 the dust in the air was congesting my nose as i sneezed . 
 `` stop a little ! '' 
 i implored sophia as i halted behind . 
 she walked a few steps ahead ; then , whirled back and coming up to me took inno from me saying , `` give her to me ! 
 we ca n't afford to stop here . 
 this is the doorway of death ! '' 
 `` do we need to be moving so fast ? '' 
 i argued . 
 `` where are we going anyway ? '' 
 `` do n't ask questions , now ! 
 just follow ! '' 
 was the only explanation she gave ; then , she turned and began walking away again . 
 `` wo n't a slower pace get us out the same ? '' 
 i cried as i sneezed and coughed . 
 she had already disappeared far ahead . 
 `` have n't you learnt that the slow and steady win the race ? '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` yes , it does if there are unsteady hares in the race ; at the moment , the quick and steady win the race ! '' 
 a strong hot gale now drew in from somewhere spinning whirls of dust in the dim street and blurring sight altogether . 
 a gust of dust filled my nostrils and i sneezed profusely . 
 i saw a door and pounded on it hard . 
 the door instantly unlocked and i jumped in locking it behind . 
 for a moment i stood there all silent with my eyes closed and my lungs trying to clear up and inhale some dustless air . 
 `` come over here ! '' 
 someone called and i opened my eyes . 
 the room was some kind of a messed up , murky pub ; and , it smelt of strong liquor . 
 drunks were strewn here and there all over the place , some lying on benches , some lying on the floor . 
 `` what kind do you want ? '' 
 i heard the voice again and turned to a man behind a desk . 
 he seemed to be the bartender . 
 `` oh nothing , i 'm sorry , i 'm leaving , '' i replied . 
 he looked curious . 
 a strong hand pushed me from behind towards the desk . 
 a hand yanked off the purse that piety had given me and handed it over to the bartender . 
 he grinned . 
 i felt powerless . 
 the bartender drew a bottle of liquor and poured it into a glass placed before me . 
 `` drink , '' he said , `` and forget your malady ! '' 
 i rose up to leave . 
 `` give me back my money ! '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` your money ? '' 
 he asked sarcastically . 
 then he slapped the purse on the desk and looking threateningly in my eyes grunted , `` go away ! '' 
 i grabbed the purse and got up . 
 at that moment , the heavy and tall man pushed me down . 
 i got up again , but he pushed me back down . 
 `` well done , torpor ! '' 
 the bartender cried , `` let 's see how he can get away ! '' 
 i rose up again and was felled . 
 i now felt listless and haziness settled on my eyelids . 
 yet , i knew that i must get out of here . 
 `` this is the doorway of death ! '' 
 i remembered sophia had said . 
 `` where were they now ? '' 
 i thought to myself . 
 i tried to rise again and saw the heavy hand descend . 
 at that instant , my hands gripped the pendant and pierced his hands . 
 he shrunk back with a cry of pain . 
 i jumped up and darted out of the room with such a loud cry that would have rocked their stupors down . 
 outside , the dusty winds were more severe , but i did n't linger . 
 i rushed . 
 i ran . 
 i slipped at one place ; but , i flung myself up and ran . 
 to my astonishment and horror , sophia and inno had disappeared . 
 i cried out in desperation and searched like a mad man . 
 but , i found them nowhere . 
 i began to sweat profusely , and then i realized that the rags inside bit my flesh hard . 
 i decided to run faster and so ran deriding the wind and despising the pain . 
 i coughed and sneezed but i ran . 
 finally , i reached an intersection . 
 on the other side was the market . 
 i crossed over and entered in . 
 i sat on a bench , put my head in my hands , and wept bitterly . 
 then , i remembered the scroll , and instantly pulled it out . 
 `` to superbia '' were the only words written on it . 
 at that moment , a bus pulled by . 
 `` to superbia , to superbia ! '' 
 a man announced . 
 i got into it . 
 a seat on the front was empty , so i went and sat on it . 
 my eyes were red with tears . 
 i deeply regretted my foolish whimsical action that had led me to this state of desperation . 
 a grizzly old man came and sat by my side . 
 `` coming from acedia ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 `` yes , the dust is great there , '' i mused . 
 `` yes , it is , '' he nodded . 
 i turned away and looked out of the window . 
 the bustling market showed no signs of being unusual or abnormal . 
 everything seemed to be in place . 
 `` ca n't understand how these trouble-makers get in , '' the grizzly man continued , `` but , it 's interesting to know that the chief of them has been caught and will be executed soon . 
 are you also going to the amphitheatre to see the trial ? '' 
 `` what trial are you talking about ? '' 
 `` come on , you ca n't be ignoramus ! 
 do n't you know that the most wanted stranger has been captured and , following the trial , will be handed over to thanatos ? 
 he was actually captured in invidia . '' 
 i was shocked . 
 `` when did that happen ? 
 how was he captured ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they had been hunting for him for very long now . 
 invidia captured him when he seemed to have ventured into her square . 
 a little bash-thrash in her dungeon and the arch-enemy was unmasked , humiliated , and uncovered . '' 
 i became speechless and a dark gloom settled on my face . 
 he looked at me and laughed . 
 `` you really can make a face , '' he said , `` you wo n't need a mask at superbia , i guess . '' 
 he laughed again . 
 i did n't understand what he meant . 
 the bus stopped at the beginning of an intersection . 
 the man stood up . 
 `` i must get down here to finish some work , '' he explained , `` guess we 'll meet at the theatre ; but , i do n't think we 'll recognize each other -lrb- he chuckled -rrb- ; my mask is the best camouflage in the city ever . '' 
 he briskly got away . 
 i sat there stunned and confused . 
 as passengers were getting into the bus , i put my face in my hands and wished that the world just blacked out . 
 someone came and sat on the seat beside . 
 i did n't care to look -- now , i could bear company no more ; but , i had no place to escape and be alone . 
 then , i felt a little hand on my shoulder . 
 i turned to look and saw that it was inno . 
 she was smiling at me from the lap of sophia . 
 tears filled my eyes . 
 superbia we reached superbia . 
 the streets were flooded with people wearing masks of different forms . 
 yet , the masks on the faces of the people were usually not very dissimilar , and it seemed as if we were bumping into the same person again and again . 
 it was not possible to recognize the true person behind the mask , at all , and we marveled that we knew no one . 
 we were all here nobodies to each other , and the only reality , at hand , were the masks ; the only relations , self-interest . 
 it appeared that there were two orders of patrollers here . 
 one wore a dark purplish uniform and had the symbol of skull and bones embroidered on their arms . 
 underneath the skull was the word `` fear '' . 
 the other wore a light purplish uniform and had the symbol of figs and needles embroidered on their arms . 
 underneath the figs and needles was the word `` shame '' . 
 all of them wore masks . 
 a siren howled and the crowd began moving in the direction of the center . 
 the darkness seemed to get thicker as we drew closer towards the place . 
 but , there were stronger lights , increasingly in number , that attempted to cast light despite being mockingly blocked by a strange perpetual fog , which i heard some people calling vanity here . 
 we reached the center , entered the court , and groped through to find an empty seat . 
 a clownish mask on my right stared as if incredulously at my face . 
 his look made me feel guilty of not wearing the mask . 
 i drew the hood over my head . 
 but , sophia was unperplexed ; so was inno . 
 the court was an open stadium lit by scores of strong flood lights . 
 the huge space in the center looked like a place for various events including sports of different kinds . 
 on the view opposite us was an elevated section , obviously reserved for the dignitaries . 
 the place was filled with shouts , whistles , and chattering noises . 
 just then a loud trumpet call sounded and the stadium dropped to silence . 
 an officer announced the arrival of the queen , the king , and the lady superbia and commanded the crowd to rise . 
 hamartia entered hand in hand with sarx . 
 they were followed by superbia and her entourage . 
 as they took their seats , a trumpet sounded an arpeggio and the officer signaled the crowd to be seated . 
 he then annunciated with a loud voice : `` your excellency , the queen , and your highness , the king , under the auspices of our lady superbia , we present before you the first marvel : the incredible logician ! '' 
 a man with flowing white hair appeared in the center of the ground . 
 the crowd was filled with applause . 
 he bowed to the dignitaries and waved his hand at the crowed . 
 the crowd cheered even crazily . 
 he then pulled a wand out of nowhere and waved it in a l shape once ; suddenly there was a burst of sparks and the whole stadium turned dark with only a soft spotlight drawing our eyes centerstage to where logician was . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen , '' he announced , `` it has been erstwhile believed that we are all very different from each other and that there is something that is even wholly other than each of us here . 
 let me demonstrate to you that this is false , and that the reality is that we are one with each other , one with this city , and one with the king and the queen ; and that there is nothing else apart from the oneness that we are . '' 
 the crowd cheered again . 
 logician then stuck his wand back into his holster and raised both of his arms , with palms turned outwards , as if to stop something approaching him from both sides . 
 suddenly , two huge blocks of cuboid boulders appeared on each side and began pressing at him . 
 the crowd watched with bated breath . 
 a few cried , `` he 's going to be crushed ! 
 oh no ! '' 
 then , a wonder occurred . 
 as the boulders began smashing him in , logician began to shrink between them . 
 in a flip of moments the boulders smashed into each other with a loud thud and logician disappeared . 
 `` where 's he gone ? '' 
 someone cried . 
 `` he 's obliterated ! '' 
 someone else whispered with pain in his voice . 
 suddenly , the boulders shook , and then steadily moved away from each other as a tiny figure of logician grew between then and resumed to its original shame . 
 the stadium was filled with applause and shouts of joy . 
 logician dropped his hands and the boulders disappeared . 
 he then pulled out his wand again and summoned the fastest runner in the stadium . 
 a tall youth ran towards him . 
 a thin runners ' track was lit on the ground . 
 logician waved his wand and a tortoise appeared on the track , which immediately started to move forward . 
 the youth laughed at it . 
 a man sitting below laughed , `` so , a race with a tortoise ; he should have beckoned me ! '' 
 logician now motioned the youth to run ; but , the youth derisively just walked . 
 then , a wonder occurred . 
 every time the youth reached to a point which the tortoise had reached earlier , he discovered that the tortoise had inevitably already left that point before he reached it and had moved forward ; in that way the tortoise was always at an advantage of a place ahead of the youth . 
 now , the youth began to feel frustrated at this and began to run ; but no matter how hard he tried , every time he reached a point that the tortoise had crossed , the tortoise was always ahead of him . 
 the youth lost the race . 
 the crowd was spellbound . 
 logician announced : `` ladies and gentlemen , this looks incredible to you , but this is what reality is all about . 
 all divisions , additions , subtractions , and multiplications will disappear the moment we realize that they are only superficial . 
 fundamentally , everything is one . '' 
 saying that he bowed , and the crowd went crazy with applause . 
 the stadium then darkened and lit up again . 
 logician was now gone . 
 the officer then announced again : `` your excellency , the queen , and your highness , the king , under the auspices of our lady superbia , we present before you the second marvel : drunken master ! '' 
 at that moment there was an inundation of the sounds of drums and percussions , timbrels , and the sounds of anklets on dancing feet . 
 then , there was a burst like a deep thunder coupled with a crashing electric bolt and it was , suddenly , all still . 
 a tall youth , with a flowing black beard and a loose robe with sleeves falling all over stood at the center . 
 he had a turban on his head and wore gold and diamonds on his neck and wrists . 
 there was a deep drunkenness in his eyes and he stood rather unsteadily . 
 in his drunken stupor , he cried : `` nonsense logician ! 
 away with your nonsense ! 
 i 'll show you a better way to be one . 
 just efface your consciousness with the ebriety of the deep and then watch the world fall to your feet ! '' 
 suddenly , horsemen appeared with drawn swords and spears in hand . 
 they rushed towards drunken master . 
 as the first rider darted towards him , the master swayed like a piece of falling garment ; then , revamped , dexterously slipped his hands around the wrists of the rider and pulled him off the horse . 
 he then swirled around and jumped behind another rider and took command of the horse . 
 spears were hurled and were deftly caught in his hands and flung back sending the riders back to their stables . 
 then , an amazing thing occurred . 
 drunken master stood upon the horse as it galloped in the heat of its pace . 
 he remained motionless and poised as the horse sniffed , snorted , and swallowed the wind . 
 then , he spread his arms and the horse came to a halt . 
 he alighted and stepped to the center . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen , '' he said , `` i have demonstrated before you a very simple principle : reel to keep your heel ! '' 
 he then went forward , bowed to the dignitaries , and left the stadium . 
 the crowd cheered uncontrollably . 
 presently , a dark figure appeared beside hamartia . 
 it was fully masked with pitch darkness hidden under the black hood drawn over its head . 
 `` look into the scroll , '' whispered sophia . 
 i took it out and unrolled it . 
 there were only three words carved with a death-like form : `` mystery of iniquity '' . 
 then the words faded like falling leaves and these words emerged : `` to put an end to sin ! '' 
 the officer announced again : `` your excellency , the queen , and your highness , the king , under the auspices of our lady superbia , we present before you the third and the final marvel : stranger ! '' 
 the sky growled , flashing red tributaries ; it seemed as if its eyes were all fire . 
 there was a stir among the crowd , but they all calmed as they saw superbia moving towards the podium . 
 she elegantly ascended and authoritatively waved her hand ; the crowd slumped on their chairs and there was pin drop silence . 
 `` let the sky spit fire and brimstone ; let its volcanoes grind , ignite , and turn to ashes ; sin shall reign though the heavens roll away , and we 'll invade the stormy sky ! '' 
 so saying she clenched her fist against the sky and the crowd rose up in applause , shrieking `` hail hamartia ! 
 hail sarx ! 
 hail superbia ! 
 you have power over the sky and the land ! '' 
 superbia waved her hand again and the crowed fell to silence . 
 then she made a signal and the drums beat heavily as the lights began to move towards a rostrum in front of the stage . 
 they halted on a man who wore a bloodstained purple coat on his body . 
 he seemed to have been badly beaten as there were bruises on his face and blood stains on his shirt . 
 he stood with his head bowed . 
 inno closed her eyes and hid her face in sophia 's bosom . 
 it was n't easy to congeal tears . 
 i turned aside and found a mask on an empty seat . 
 i grabbed it and put it on my face ; then sobbed . 
 at that moment the cheers increased ; so , i looked and saw that the other six governesses of the city had also now arrived and were seated on their seats on the stage . 
 an announcer announced `` behold the man ! '' 
 to which the crowd cried , `` stranger , stranger ! '' 
 `` citizens , listen ! '' 
 superbia began , `` our vigilance has finally overcome the enemy and taken him by surprise . 
 we now have our archenemy , stranger in our hands . 
 you all now stand both witness and jury to this trial . 
 the queen herself shall preside over this judgment , in the presence of all the governesses ; the verdict of the people shall be final . 
 may we rise in honor of her highness , the queen hamartia ! '' 
 the crowd rose cheeringly and clapped their hands in mad applause for so long that our ears rang . 
 then , hamartia , seated on her seat , raised her finger and the crowd dropped to silence . 
 `` let the trial begin ! '' 
 she ordered . 
 the trial `` away with him , away with him ! '' 
 the crowd cried . 
 `` what mockery ! 
 shall we not even have a trial ? '' 
 sin cried . 
 `` away with the enemy , away with him ! 
 this is our verdict ! '' 
 the crowd cried . 
 sin signaled and a loud cymbal clanged . 
 the crowd paused . 
 `` the verdict shall follow the trial ! '' 
 she declared . 
 `` our archenemy shall be rightly denounced , and the judgment sealed by our seven governesses . 
 it 's our turn now , and of the power of darkness . 
 may shadows prevail and may magic and sorcery obscure reality ; may the minds of men fail , and may feelings and fantasy enhance sweet vanity ! 
 let 's hurry on while the mouse is hooked to the trap ! 
 let darkness prevail forever ! '' 
 the crowd chanted : `` hail skotos ! 
 hail hamartia ! '' 
 a dark eagle flew and perched on a pole overlooking the stage . 
 the cymbal clanged again and a voice cried out , `` the court of her highness hamartia summons before the jury the first witness , the lady luxuria , for hearing ! '' 
 `` our sweet governess luxuria ! '' 
 a number of people cried out and sighed . 
 a few young men fainted down as luxuria stepped forward and the lights spot lit on her . 
 `` you can now testify ! '' 
 said hamartia . 
 luxuria smiled , bowed , and began : `` by the power of your highness , your servant rules over the hearts of the young and old . 
 my scepter prevails over their secret places , and nothing is left untouched , nothing unturned . 
 by me are men made fearless to work or to war . 
 by me is their innermost being kindled to worship and adore . 
 my charm of sensuality is the antidote to suffering . 
 i could exterminate suffering forever ; except it were for this stranger . 
 for , he called himself by the name of light and roved our streets attempting to stir up insurrection against me and my council . 
 he called upon my people to shun me and spurn my scepter . 
 he called me a deceiver and called on my people watch against me and to turn to his narrow way . 
 of course , he has n't prevailed ; for , the people , most of them , could see the emptiness of his appeals . 
 and those of them that went after him for a while soon gave up and returned back to me . 
 yet , he does n't give up his denunciation of me and my rulership . 
 and by doing that he has spurned your authority , your highness , and so deserves extermination forever . 
 for why should one who stands opposed to our kingdom be allowed to go on in his opposition when we have the opportunity to stop him ? '' 
 `` do you have anything to say , stranger ? '' 
 sin mockingly asked . 
 stranger remained silent . 
 `` governess luxuria finds nothing in stranger that promises hope of subjection . 
 he is a total opposite . 
 next ! '' 
 the cymbal clanged and the voice cried out , `` the court of her highness hamartia summons before the jury the second witness , the lady ira , for hearing ! '' 
 the crowd sat was silent . 
 doubtlessly , there was much fear of the fury of this governess . 
 ira stepped forward as the spotlight shifted to her . 
 `` you may testify now ! '' 
 hamartia said . 
 ira looked at the blazing sky with her fiery eyes , then turned to stranger and cried making wide gestures : `` may the flames of inferno burn with hotter infuriation ! 
 may fiery hail descend with utmost indignation ! 
 let every fire that could ever be kindled bundle in now to make the sharpest flame to tear down his body and wipe out his name ! '' 
 she paused and panted . 
 `` why should i even accuse stranger ? 
 is he worthy of an accusation ? 
 is he any threat to me ? 
 yet for the sake of this trial , that our majesty 's will might be accomplished , i testify against him ! 
 why does n't someone give him a mask too ? 
 we know his other names very well . 
 has n't he masqueraded through our territory calling himself meek and gentle ? 
 but , i say he is weak and brittle . 
 see how despicable he looks with his head sunk on his chest . 
 he is the same one . 
 he is our archenemy , he is stranger ! '' 
 `` yes he is , yes he is ! '' 
 the crowd began to shout . 
 ira smiled and returned to her seat . 
 `` next ! '' 
 sin called . 
 the cymbal clanged and the voice cried out , `` the court of her highness hamartia summons before the jury the third witness , the lady avaritia , for hearing ! '' 
 lady avaritia stepped forward in her golden apparel . 
 she looked despisingly at stranger and commenced at hamartia 's behest , `` he came to my district in the garb of a merchant , a businessman . 
 he said he was searching for the pearl of great price . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` he said he was willing to pay anything for it . 
 well , of course , this raised a big concern in our markets and the demand curve did suffer as merchants shifted to treasure hunting . 
 mad they all became . 
 it could have drowned us all if i had n't intercepted and aroused our citizens to focus on things of immediate interest , on things that can be touched and transformed into gold and silver now . 
 because even if there was something called the pearl of great price , it certainly was n't worth selling all one 's possession and buying it in . 
 for , that would jam the wheels of our economy and bring the market to a standstill . 
 and , then what would one do with such pearl ? 
 trade it for anything else ? 
 what else could one trade it for ? 
 the very idea of such a thing is a threat . 
 had n't we commissioned robbery and inflation to arrest him ? 
 but , he somehow disappeared into nowhere -- into now here -lsb- she smirked -rsb- . 
 it 's wonderful to watch him in chains . 
 citizens of avaritia , look now at the misery of this merchant who came to our province calling himself generous ! 
 what does he have that he could even claim to buy anything of us ? 
 we find nothing of any value in him . 
 generous , wo n't you like to strike a bargain and save yourself ? 
 see , he can not bargain for his own face , how could he have deceived you about the pearl of great price ! 
 away with him ! '' 
 `` away with him ! 
 away with him ! '' 
 cried the crowd . 
 `` okay , next ! '' 
 roared hamartia . 
 the cymbal clanged and the voice cried out , `` the court of her highness hamartia summons before the jury the fourth witness , the lady gula , for hearing ! '' 
 a large and stout lady stepped forward . 
 it seemed that the spotlight was too insufficient for her . 
 `` what do you have to say against this man ? '' 
 hamartia asked . 
 `` not very much , '' she replied . 
 `` i only wish this trial will soon be over ; for we have a real good banquet after this . '' 
 her lips seemed to almost drip with saliva . 
 `` this fellow here looks quite tasteless and a worm in the fantasies of daintiness . 
 it is better we soon finish off with him and return to the delicacies of our new black berry beer and chilled chilly cheer . 
 okay , as for this man here ; he had almost disrupted one of our banquets ; for he stood in the square and began calling to people saying , `` ho , come to me you who are hungry and thirsty and i will give you the bread of life and the water of life so that you will never hunger or thirst anymore ! '' 
 many of them went to him ; and when they asked him where the bread of life and the water of life was , he said , `` i am the bread of life and my blood is drink indeed ! '' 
 -lsb- she laughed -rsb- . 
 so , they all turned away from him . 
 but he still called saying , `` do not labor for gula 's table ! 
 turn away from her ! '' 
 so , our officers ran after him . 
 but , he disappeared . 
 i do n't think he is good for anything . 
 is he even a strong enemy ? 
 let him starve ! '' 
 she turned away and returned . 
 `` next ! '' 
 hamartia called . 
 the cymbal clanged and the voice cried out , `` the court of her highness hamartia summons before the jury the fifth witness , the lady invidia , for hearing ! '' 
 invidia stepped forward and began immediately , `` your highness , stranger might not be strong , but he is dangerous . 
 every option against your sovereignty is a danger -- not to you , your majesty , but to the people of this city . 
 he presents an alternative and calls it the only true one . 
 he calls himself the way , the truth , and the life and promises that he 'll deliver people from the power of this city of magic and take them all to his illusory city . 
 our people are n't gullible ; and he is n't convincing enough with his talks ; but , he is persistent and resistant . 
 he says that the realities of this city of magic are no match to the realities of his own city . 
 he even tried to demonstrate it by making a fig tree wither by just saying a word ; and some people joined the rebellion and are spreading the persuasion that his talks can not be empty because his words have power that magic ca n't prevent ... '' `` this is enough ! '' 
 sarx roared `` let 's invoke thanatos and see if his powers can really cross the one who surrounds this city and is heir to all that is ! '' 
 `` our prince shall be invoked '' interrupted hamartia , `` but not before we 've heard from everyone . 
 you can continue on , invidia ! '' 
 `` our forces were after some intruders whom we caught and imprisoned . 
 but , when they went to get them for the trial ; behold , it was stranger . 
 we were n't sure what had happened ; but , we are very much sure that the enemy had walked himself into the hole ; and , we must strike the iron while it is hot . '' 
 `` what has happened to the others is a matter of secondary concern ; perhaps , he got himself in when he got them out . 
 whatever , magic has given him into our hands and the destiny of the others will be sealed with him . '' 
 sin looked straight at me now and it felt as if her eyes burnt into my soul . 
 she continued as if singing to a sarcastic tune , `` magic has drawn one in , magic has drawn in another ; both had to perish one way or the other . '' 
 she turned her eyes at stranger and then called , `` next ! '' 
 invidia receded . 
 the cymbal clanged and the voice cried out , `` the court of her highness hamartia summons before the jury the sixth witness , the lady acedia , for hearing ! '' 
 lady acedia walked clumsily forward and stared irritatedly at stranger . 
 `` not very much that i would like to say here : words are precious , so i 'll keep them few . 
 i 'm not sure how great a threat he is ; because , the rumors have only been that he is quite nonsensical and absurd in his statements . 
 it is said that he calls out to people promising them rest , and then says that they should be yoked together with him and plough the field . 
 that makes no sense either to me or to my people . 
 i suggest that he 's crazy and that we just banish him away ... . 
 but , in case , he might return again with more thorny absurdities ; it would be even better to just blot him out ! '' 
 she was quick to retreat . 
 sin smiled . 
 `` next ! '' 
 she called . 
 the cymbal clanged and the voice cried out , `` the court of her highness hamartia summons before the jury the final witness , the lady superbia , for hearing ! '' 
 the crowd cheered with a heavy applause that lingered on for quite a while . 
 superbia stepped forward . 
 some people in the crowd began to grow hysterical . 
 some women and men fainted . 
 the cymbal clanged again , and then there was pin drop silence . 
 superbia spoke , `` we want our citizens to be pillars and building blocks of this city . 
 they can only be that when they know who they are and are confident about themselves . 
 my throne lies in this central province and i protect the heart of this city . 
 our province has been appointed to host the royal palace of queen hamartia and king sarx . 
 -lsb- there was a hoot of applause from the crowd . -rsb- 
 those who rise against our city are rightly punished here and thrown into the dungeon of sarx or transported to the land of thanatos . 
 we know of the great revolt that religare once initiated . 
 now , he and his friends are in chains to serve as we desire . 
 there are a few more loitering somewhere around ; all of whom continue to derive strength and vision from some mysterious influence that stranger wields over their hearts . 
 this has been proven by a number of investigations that our scholars have made . 
 some of the rebels have awaken and returned ; now totally astonished that they were at all taken by the deception of what he calls the way . 
 he teaches that the wheat must fall to the ground before it can be fruitful and calls the people to follow the path of sacrifice , another of his names . 
 some of our people asked `` what about superbia ? '' 
 he said `` deny her or she 'll destroy you ! '' 
 -lsb- she put her hand on the hilt of her sword -rsb- may your majesty only give me permission and i 'll prove whether denial and destruction do n't go together . '' 
 at the moment , sarx and sin and all the officials stood up . 
 the eyes of sin blazed with fire . 
 `` we 've heard it all ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` yes , we 've heard it , we 've heard it ! '' 
 the crowd resonated . 
 sin motioned and the great bronze bell clanged . 
 the crowd shushed . 
 `` what shall we do to stranger ? '' 
 sin roared . 
 `` away with him , away with him , '' the crowd shouted , `` tie him to the pole , bring him down ! '' 
 they all clamored . 
 i shuddered . 
 the great bronze bell clanged again effecting an immediate silence . 
 `` listen to our verdict then , '' she said , `` stranger , you have been weighed and measured in the balances of sarx and the counts of our governesses are heavier against you . 
 we pronounce you guilty of violating the rules of this city , guilty of conspiracy against this city , and guilty of instigating a rebellion against the principalities . 
 you have declared war against the state and justly deserve punishment . 
 i , hamartia , the empress of the seven provinces , will now by myself deliver you into the hands of thanatos . '' 
 so saying , she moved forward and extended her hands . 
 a bow and arrow were brought and sarx placed them in hamartia 's hands . 
 a bowl was brought before her . 
 `` that 's the venom of thanatos ! '' 
 someone muttered . 
 sin dipped the tip of the arrow in it , fit the arrow in her bow , and lifted it up . 
 the seven governesses stood on either side of sin , four on the right side , and three on the left , beside sarx . 
 the guards tied stranger to a pole and quickly abandoned . 
 a great part of the crowd seated behind him evacuated their seats . 
 the crowd stood up . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 inno asked as we stood up too . 
 `` close your eyes , inno ! '' 
 sophia said almost choking . 
 my heart thumped faster and i felt the tears begin to fog my sight . 
 the crowd waited with baited breath . 
 stranger looked straight into hamartia 's eyes . 
 a tall dark shadow appeared on the left side of stranger . 
 the crowd whispered , `` thanatos ! '' 
 and shushed each other . 
 just then a lightning figure erupted at the right hand of stranger . 
 it was equally as tall as thanatos . 
 `` do you really want to do this ? '' 
 the voice questioned hamartia , `` will sin strike love ? 
 are n't he and i one ? '' 
 i recognized the voice . 
 it was the voice of law . 
 i also noticed that he held a book . 
 it was the red book that he had given me , which i had lost . 
 my heart pounded faster . 
 `` what 's happening ? 
 who 's this ? '' 
 the crowd cried out . 
 law exploded like a cracker and then dissolved into the body of stranger . 
 `` the code of the universe ! '' 
 sophia exclaimed . 
 i saw astonishment in her eyes . 
 i turned at the court . 
 there was hatred in the eyes of sin . 
 she pulled the string . 
 `` into your hands , thanatos , '' she exclaimed and let go off the arrow . 
 i cried , `` no ! '' 
 and jumped out running towards the center . 
 but , i knew it would be too late . 
 the flying arrow struck stranger in his heart . 
 the world halted , and then there was a quake . 
 then there was a bright light that exploded from the body of stranger . 
 and , as his body began to rip apart , beginning from there i saw that the court began to fall apart into several pieces . 
 the city of magic began to tear away like an old , withering , scenery poster crumbling down all over giving way to the light that oozed out from the stranger 's body . 
 the light shot to tremendous brilliance and then struck my body like the softest lance piercing through me in an out . 
 this takes time to write but all this happened within a wink of the eye . 
 in an instant i sensed all my garments ripped apart as the bright light enveloped me all over ; the rags vanished like fuming powder beaten into thin air . 
 the light was so strong that i could n't even see myself anymore . 
 then there was a light boom -lrb- such as the one that occurs without any sound -rrb- and i covered my eyes . 
 `` it is finished ! '' 
 a voice thundered all over the place . 
