 love , ken written by kenneth rines & edited by bryan batcher a faceless gnome publication smashwords edition contents monsters , 1 letter # 1 fallout , 1 letter # 2 blast letter # 3 monsters , 2 letter # 4 pray letter # 5 fire , 1 letter # 6 fallout , 2 letter # 7 lover letter # 8 monsters , 3 letter # 9 fallout , 3 letter # 10 stop letter # 11 fire , 2 letter # 12 fallout , 4 letter # 13 monsters , 4 letter # 14 afterword monsters , 1 teddy walked through his backyard , heading for the trees . 
 he did n't tell his parents about the bright light because he wanted to see it before they did . 
 teddy had no idea what the light was , but he wanted to find out . 
 when he made it to the trees , he suddenly became very afraid . 
 it was dark out , and he had forgotten about the monsters in all the excitement over the light . 
 he started shaking , tears formed in his eyes , and he started whining . 
 he turned and ran to the house . 
 he heard one of the monsters chasing him and he ran faster . 
 he ran in through the back door and ran through the kitchen and the dining room , right into his parents ' bedroom . 
 teddy cried to his parents that a monster was chasing him and they woke up . 
 his father held him in his arms as both he and teddy 's mother told him everything would be okay . 
 teddy asked his mom and dad if he could sleep with them and they said he could . 
 teddy forgot about the bright light when he sat down to eat his cheerios the next morning . 
 it was the first day of kindergarten and he was very excited . 
 he had his backpack and his pencils all ready to go . 
 he had on his brand new shirt and new shoes and had taken a bath the night before . 
 he was prepared . 
 when teddy 's mother put the bowl of cheerios in front of him , he dove in . 
 he was starving . 
 after his third or fourth bite , he wanted to get a drink out of the fridge . 
 as got up from the small table he was sitting at , he accidentally hit the bowl with his arm , tipping it over and spilling milk all over his shirt and pants . 
 tears instantly began flowing from his eyes . 
 he kept telling his mother he was sorry for ruining the new shirt . 
 she kept telling him it was okay as she took his shirt off and cleaned him up . 
 she changed all of his clothes and kissed him and told him that it was okay and that she could buy another shirt . 
 when teddy stopped crying , his mother brought him another bowl of cheerios and a glass of orange juice . 
 teddy carefully finished his breakfast and his mother drove him to school . 
 teddy did n't like sitting in the front seat even though his mother said he could . 
 the monsters could see him in the front seat . 
 he peeked out the window as the car drove on . 
 the monsters were everywhere . 
 teddy was happy to be in a locked car where they could n't get him . 
 when teddy and his mom got out of the car , he clung to her arm all the way to the door of the school . 
 he was excited to be going to school . 
 his friend billy had told him all about it . 
 you got to play games , have fun , and learn neat things . 
 when they got in , teddy 's mom talked to a nice lady who took teddy and his mom to the classroom , but teddy did not want to go in . 
 when the nice lady opened the door , he saw a monster in the room . 
 teddy started screaming and yelling that he did n't want to go in . 
 he yelled that the monster was going to get him . 
 his mother held him and said that the monsters could n't hurt him there . 
 she did n't know what the monsters were . 
 teddy wanted to make his mom happy , so he went into the room with the monster . 
 billy lied . 
 the monster would n't stop talking to teddy . 
 teddy wanted to play and learn , but the monster would n't let him . 
 so he hid in a corner . 
 one of the other kids wanted to play with him , and teddy tried , but the monster came back every time . 
 teddy could not touch a toy without the monster coming to him . 
 so teddy just stayed in the corner until it was time to go home . 
 teddy 's mother walked into the room and teddy ran over to her and hugged her tightly . 
 then teddy 's father walked in behind her and teddy hugged him , too . 
 he asked his father to take him away from the monster and they went home . 
 teddy did not look out the window on the way home . 
 he wanted to hide in his room where the monsters never found him . 
 that night , teddy saw the bright light again . 
 his parents were asleep . 
 this time , teddy brought a flashlight . 
 he snuck out of his room , down the hall , through the kitchen , and quietly out the back door . 
 on the back porch , teddy looked up and saw the light above the trees . 
 it blinked three times and then moved down into them . 
 teddy put together all of his courage and walked across the yard to the trees . 
 he kept looking around with the flashlight for monsters and did n't see any . 
 he walked into the trees and he could barely see the light in the distance . 
 he followed it , being careful to make sure there were no monsters . 
 when he got to the light , it was very bright . 
 he reached out to touch it , but before he could reach it , it flew up and out of the trees . 
 he called for it to come back , but it did n't . 
 the next day , teddy was in a different classroom . 
 this one had no monsters in it . 
 that made him very happy . 
 he got to play games with the other kids and he got to learn some new numbers . 
 he also made new friends . 
 teddy also liked miss payton . 
 she was really nice to him . 
 she helped teddy stay inside the lines when they were coloring by guiding his hand . 
 her touch felt good . 
 she had smooth skin . 
 teddy did not want to go home . 
 he was excited when his parents were late because he got to be near miss payton longer . 
 then a monster came into the room . 
 teddy ran to miss payton and wrapped his arms around her . 
 he was yelling about the monster and she tried to calm him down . 
 she hugged him and wiped away his tears . 
 he loved her touching him . 
 he got a smile on his face , but started screaming again when he saw another monster . 
 finally , teddy 's parents showed up . 
 he ran to them and begged to leave . 
 his father sat with him on the ride home and held him . 
 he knew he was safe in his father 's arms . 
 that night , teddy saw the bright light once more . 
 he was determined to find out what it was . 
 dear missy , i have much to tell you about my trip . 
 the mail also takes some time to get out of this town , so i should have much to tell you in future letters , as well . 
 i doubt i will ever fly again , as my plane trip was dreadful . 
 everyone in the airport was so rude . 
 people were pushing past other people . 
 the employees acted towards me as if they did n't get paid to answer my questions . 
 there was one woman who was polite . 
 she reminded me of you , missy . 
 her hair was the same auburn color yours used to be . 
 do you remember that time ? 
 we were just kids , then . 
 seeing her made me think of the summer we built a tree house . 
 grandpa helped us a lot , but we put some of it together . 
 you remember , do n't you ? 
 you held the railing in place while i hammered the nails in . 
 grandpa was so scared you would fall . 
 do you remember how we teased him ? 
 i said , `` look out ! '' 
 and you acted like you were about to fall . 
 he ran over so fast to catch you . 
 when we started giggling he got so angry . 
 we had so much fun in that tree house -- all the games we played and the things we made . 
 i hope you remember it as well as i do . 
 i 'll never forget the day you helped me write that love note to theresa . 
 mine was so horrible , but the one you helped me with was great . 
 who knew then that it would end with her and me getting married ? 
 i do n't even remember what it said , but it did the trick . 
 this cabin is a great place for me to start working again . 
 i even started something new before i got to writing this letter . 
 the isolation and the peacefulness here let me think clearly . 
 it 's nice . 
 i have n't been able to do that for a long time . 
 so , how is james ? 
 last you told me he was moving closer to you . 
 did that ever happen ? 
 it would be good for the girls . 
 they need someone like him in their lives . 
 you need someone like him in your life . 
 you deserve happiness . 
 my head is starting to hurt . 
 i 've been getting headaches for a while now and i 've realized that my work is the only thing that eases them . 
 i 'll send this letter off and wait for your reply . 
 i hope it comes soon . 
 love , ken fallout , 1 chuck made his way into the first building of the day . 
 packed suitcases lined the walls of the hallways and the people inside were waiting patiently to be processed . 
 that , at least , was what chuck assumed . 
 `` how many medical officers do we have today ? '' 
 chuck asked his assistant relocation officer . 
 `` four , sir . '' 
 `` why so few ? 
 it 's not like we have a shortage . '' 
 `` they 're spread out thin , sir . 
 it 's the first day . '' 
 chuck shook his head . 
 `` twenty years of this and i still forget how busy the first day is . '' 
 `` selective memory , if you ask me , sir . '' 
 the aro replied . 
 `` you 're probably right . 
 let 's get started . '' 
 chuck went apartment by apartment checking people 's baggage and rooms to make sure everything was in order . 
 his aro followed after him , checking each resident into the system . 
 the first three floors of the building went surprisingly well . 
 as he entered the last apartment on the third floor he found it hard to keep his composure . 
 `` ms. harib , it 's nice to see you again . '' 
 chuck said . 
 `` it 's our pleasure , officer , '' she replied . 
 `` where are we headed to this time ? 
 we were hoping for a countryside home . '' 
 she looked over at her three children sitting on their bed . 
 chuck looked at them , too . 
 their burn-like scars did not take away from their beautiful , always smiling faces . 
 the red patches he knew covered their bodies never seemed to bother them . 
 treatment had n't worked on their scars but it took away their sickness . 
 chuck was always grateful for that . 
 `` i 'll do what i can , sarai . 
 your family deserves it . '' 
 sarai walked over to chuck and hugged him . 
 chuck hugged her back . 
 `` you do n't even know us , '' she said to him after breaking the hug , `` and yet you show so much compassion for us . '' 
 `` no one deserves to suffer like this , especially children . 
 they 're innocent of everything , and no one has been as patient with ro as you have . 
 there 's a property out west that i know of . 
 it 's one of my favorites . 
 i 'll make sure you get it , even if i have to put up the custom relocation fee myself . '' 
 sarai suddenly frowned . 
 `` no , chuck . 
 i could never ask that of you . '' 
 `` you did n't . 
 i want to do it . 
 susie and i are getting a great place and we deserve it far less than you do . 
 believe me , it 's something i want to do for your family . '' 
 sarai did n't say anything for a moment . 
 she was looking deep into chuck 's eyes . 
 `` thank you . 
 i do n't what else to say . '' 
 `` you do n't need to say anything . 
 take your family and go enjoy the country while you can . '' 
 sarai nodded her head . 
 `` come on , kids . '' 
 her children got up and followed her to the door . 
 chuck followed behind . 
 `` sarai ? '' 
 he asked before they left the room . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` when you get to the branch office for processing , ask them about the new treatment . 
 tell them i told you to ask . 
 they 'll know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` will it help with their scars ? '' 
 she asked eagerly . 
 `` it should . 
 they 've had great results in tests . '' 
 tears began forming in sarai 's eyes . 
 `` thank you again , chuck . '' 
 chuck smiled . 
 the haribs followed the aro to leave the building and head for processing . 
 chuck moved on to the next floor . 
 it was n't as easy as the first three . 
 only a few apartments had their bags ready and half of the ones who did n't were n't even awake . 
 some had their doors locked . 
 the discrepancy was usual as the relocation office always placed the more difficult people on the higher floors . 
 it made fleeing harder . 
 chuck entered the first apartment . 
 `` mr. and mrs. green , '' he called out . 
 `` it 's time to move . '' 
 chuck knew they were home , but they were nowhere in sight . 
 they did n't have their bags ready . 
 `` mr. and mrs. green , '' he repeated a little louder . 
 `` it 's time to move ! '' 
 there was no response . 
 chuck made his way through the apartment , hoping the greens did n't resist . 
 he knocked on door after door , calling for them . 
 as he got to the last door he could find , he heard noises from inside . 
 he knocked on the door . 
 `` mr. and mrs. green , we have to move you now . '' 
 the noises continued . 
 chuck opened the -- surprisingly -- unlocked door . 
 the greens were in bed having sex . 
 they did n't even stop when chuck came in . 
 `` this is not the time for this . 
 we have order to keep today and we need to move you now . '' 
 they did n't stop . 
 `` some days i wish they gave me a tranq gun , '' chuck whispered to himself . 
 again speaking to the greens , he said , `` i will bring the enforcement officers in here if i have to . '' 
 mr. green leaned up off of his wife . 
 `` come on , you ca n't give us another five minutes ? '' 
 `` you 've had all morning . '' 
 `` not really , '' mrs. green said . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` we got the call a half hour ago , '' mr. green answered . 
 he seemed concerned . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 chuck asked . 
 `` the moving days were announced two months ago . 
 you got the call then . '' 
 `` he 's not talking about that call . '' 
 `` then , what -- '' chuck started . 
 the depressed faces of the greens told him what call he was talking about . 
 `` you must know all accommodations will be made for you . 
 you 'll be taken care of . '' 
 `` you ca n't promise us that , '' mrs. green said . 
 `` you know what 's happened there before . '' 
 `` those were mistakes . '' 
 `` and mistakes ca n't be made again ? '' 
 `` they wo n't , '' chuck promised . 
 `` the right people have been replaced to ensure that nothing like that will happen there again . '' 
 `` even still , '' mr. green said , `` can you blame us for wanting to enjoy ourselves one last time before we go there ? '' 
 chuck paused . 
 he could n't blame them . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i 'll finish this floor and come back . '' 
 upset , chuck left the room . 
 `` thank you , '' mrs. green called after him . 
 chuck 's aro looked confused when he came out of the apartment alone . 
 `` where are the greens ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we 'll come back for them . '' 
 `` that 's not protocol , sir . '' 
 `` i do n't care . 
 it 's my call . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 the next apartment went smoothly . 
 the one after that took some encouragement on chuck 's part to get the residents out . 
 the resident of the next apartment was not home . 
 he had somehow snuck out of the apartment and past the enforcement officers stationed outside . 
 chuck entered the apartment of mitch nichols . 
 he lived there with his teenage son kyle . 
 their bags had been outside their door as required , but they were n't waiting in the living room . 
 chuck heard someone crying in the bathroom . 
 he walked over to the bathroom door , which was slightly open . 
 he could hear someone crying and he assumed it was kyle . 
 `` mr. nichols ? '' 
 he called into the room . 
 there was no answer . 
 chuck gently pushed the door open . 
 to his surprise , it was mitch that was crying . 
 `` mr. nichols , is everything all right ? '' 
 mitch wiped his eyes and sniffed audibly . 
 `` it 's kyle . '' 
 mitch was sitting on the toilet , with the lid down , and chuck did n't see kyle . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 without looking , mitch pointed to his right . 
 around the corner from the toilet was the shower stall that chuck had n't seen before . 
 kyle was lying on the floor of the shower motionless . 
 urgently , chuck called out , `` i need the medical officers in here , now ! '' 
 `` it 's useless , '' mitch said . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` he just died . '' 
 `` he ca n't just die , mitch . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` it 's the sickness . 
 the treatment stopped working over a month ago . '' 
 medical officers rushed into the room and started taking kyle 's vitals and performing cpr . 
 chuck was distraught . 
 `` mitch , i 'm ... '' he started . 
 `` do n't bother . 
 it 's not your fault . '' 
 mitch laid his head in his hands and started crying hard . 
 his son was dead and there was nothing chuck could do for him . 
 before chuck could even register that the medical officers told him kyle was gone , they had already moved him out of the apartment . 
 chuck sat with mitch . 
 it was a while before chuck moved on , but he eventually did . 
 dear missy , i 'm all right . 
 i 'm sorry i did n't reply sooner , but my mind is a giant mess . 
 there are so many things going on . 
 it 's hard to keep it all in order . 
 but there are some things i need to say to you . 
 thank you for taking such good care of me . 
 i do n't just mean after mom died . 
 i mean my whole life . 
 i owe you so much and you 've been such a good sister . 
 i want you to know how much i miss you . 
 i know you probably want to visit , but i do n't want you to . 
 i need to be alone for a while . 
 some time to myself up here should do me well . 
 you would like my cabin . 
 it 's on the shore of a huge , beautiful lake . 
 i know how you love water . 
 there are also a lot of hummingbirds around . 
 yesterday i saw a fox come out of the woods . 
 i immediately thought of you and how much you love animals . 
 i tried to get a picture from the door , but it ran off before i had the chance . 
 in your letter , you asked me how i was really doing ... i lied when i said i was all right . 
 i 'm not . 
 it 's so hard . 
 waking up in the morning is the most difficult part . 
 it hurts so badly . 
 everything i see brings back memories . 
 maybe i 'll be able to handle it someday . 
 for now i have my work . 
 i should get back to it , my headache is coming back . 
 keep me in your thoughts . 
 love , ken blast `` baby , hurry ! '' 
 i called to my wife . 
 i was already inside the bank and she was taking her sweet time getting to the door . 
 i saw a tall , dark-skinned man with long , black hair push past her and come into the bank . 
 she dropped her purse on the ground and yelled something at the man . 
 i was focused on getting my paycheck deposited on time and really did n't concentrate on what she said . 
 i rushed over and helped her gather the contents of her purse , which had spilled out onto the concrete . 
 `` come on , '' i said , `` i need to get it in there . '' 
 she replied , `` maybe you should write your account number down so you do n't need me to do it . '' 
 `` let 's just go , '' i said . 
 the only open bank line had ten people in it . 
 my wife saw it and said , `` are you kidding ? '' 
 `` it wo n't take long , '' i replied . 
 `` just like you ? '' 
 she snapped back . 
 `` very funny . '' 
 she asked , `` ca n't you just use the atm ? '' 
 `` it 'll take forever to clear , '' i said . 
 `` i need it now . '' 
 `` well , we 'll be here forever , '' she said in an annoyed tone . 
 `` ca n't you take ten minutes out of your day to help me ? '' 
 i was getting frustrated . 
 `` do the laundry or wash the dishes for once and maybe i can . '' 
 i told her , `` you 're getting upset for nothing . 
 look , there 's only five people left . 
 we 'll be out of here in no time . '' 
 `` whatever , '' she said as she crossed her arms . 
 i looked up at the bank teller . 
 his face was pale and he was sweating . 
 he had a small white paper in his hand , which was shaking . 
 the man he was helping was the one who pushed my wife . 
 the teller 's arm moved off to the side and the customer shouted , `` do n't even think about it ! '' 
 he pulled out a gun and screamed , `` push that alarm and everyone in here dies ! '' 
 my wife screamed and fell to the ground , holding onto my arm . 
 i knelt by her side and held her . 
 `` i want all the money in those drawers ! '' 
 he slammed a briefcase on the counter . 
 `` fill it up ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 i looked back at my wife and the horrified expression on her face was frozen in place . 
 i looked up and saw everyone crouched on the floor and the man with his gun pointed forward at nothing . 
 the teller was n't there and everyone was silent . 
 there was blood on the counter and on the man 's coat . 
 as i realized what happened , all at once i heard a loud bang , people screaming , and something hitting the floor . 
 everything started moving again . 
 `` you killed him ! '' 
 someone screamed . 
 the shooter demanded , `` everyone stay down ! '' 
 he walked around the counter and started emptying an unlocked drawer . 
 i looked at my wife who was breathing heavily and sweating . 
 i said to her , `` honey , are you all right ? '' 
 i held her close and rubbed her head . 
 she was sweating so badly that i could feel it through her hair . 
 `` what kind of question is that ? '' 
 she whispered to me . 
 `` why did you kill him ? '' 
 another man in the bank yelled . 
 `` he did n't do anything to you ! '' 
 the killer shouted , `` will you shut up ? 
 i 'm trying to count ! '' 
 the other man walked up to the counter . 
 the killer pointed the gun at him and yelled , `` stop right there ! 
 do n't come any closer . 
 i killed him and i 'll kill you , too ! '' 
 inside i began to feel a strong sense of fear . 
 it had n't been there before because i was too worried about my wife . 
 in my head i examined all the possible outcomes of the situation . 
 the one that scared me the most was my wife and i getting shot . 
 i started thinking about every aspect of my life : my wife , my mom , my brother , my niece and nephew , my house , my job , and so many more things that flashed through my head . 
 i remembered seeing my father die when i was young and not understanding death . 
 i was afraid that on that day i finally would . 
 `` why do you need to count ? '' 
 the man asked the killer . 
 `` just take all the money ! '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 the killer screamed . 
 he swung the gun around and shot blindly . 
 in my dying moments i heard my wife screaming . 
 the killer had shot me and for one brief second i understood death . 
 dear missy , i 'm so happy to hear that james moved in with you ! 
 i did n't think he 'd make the commitment so soon . 
 i bet belle and tammi are just elated . 
 you finally have the family you always wanted . 
 has he proposed yet ? 
 he better . 
 he ca n't move in like that and not ask you to marry him . 
 i had a visitor yesterday . 
 a camper stopped by to ask me if he could use the bathroom in my cabin . 
 i let him , of course . 
 i could n't turn away a stranger in need . 
 i told him about you and the girls and james . 
 i love sharing good news , especially up here since i hardly get to talk to anyone . 
 saying it out loud made it that much more exciting . 
 did i tell you the local market here sells tangerines ? 
 i was there the other day and got excited when i saw them . 
 i love tangerines . 
 they reminded me of a story i wrote when i was younger . 
 i called it `` the fruit family . '' 
 it was so silly but i was just a child . 
 i was the tangerine and you were the strawberry , our favorite fruits . 
 when i come home i 'll bring you some fresh strawberries from the market . 
 i hope that will be soon . 
 i miss you . 
 love , ken monsters , 2 teddy had his flashlight in his hand . 
 he saw the light moving around above the trees . 
 he was still a little upset from seeing all the monsters at school , but he wanted to find out what the light was . 
 he walked across the yard and to the trees . 
 he looked up at the light and it still had n't gone into the trees yet . 
 he called out to it , asking it to come down . 
 a few seconds later , it did . 
 looking into the trees , teddy could see the light was back pretty far . 
 he made his way in , asking the light to come closer . 
 as he got near it , it moved off to the right . 
 teddy followed it where it went . 
 every time he got close to it , it would move farther away in a different direction . 
 determined , teddy kept following it . 
 he got worried that he was moving too far away from his house , but the desire to figure out the light took over . 
 the light started moving faster and teddy had to run to keep up with it . 
 he got tired and had to sit down . 
 when he did , the light moved closer . 
 excited , teddy got up to see it , but it moved away again . 
 he sat back down and the light moved closer . 
 teddy realized that the light was playing with him and he smiled . 
 he liked to play . 
 teddy stood up again and ran after the light . 
 it moved away from him just as fast as he could run . 
 he would stop and sit and the light would come closer . 
 then teddy would get up and run after it again . 
 teddy was having so much fun that he did n't realize he had gotten himself lost . 
 he did n't know where he was . 
 he was scared , but he tried to stay brave . 
 after all , he had his flashlight . 
 he could see the monsters with it . 
 suddenly the light started talking to teddy . 
 it asked him his name . 
 teddy told the light his name . 
 it asked him how old was . 
 teddy told it he was five . 
 it asked him what his favorite show was . 
 he said diego . 
 the light said he liked diego , too . 
 when the light asked teddy where he lived , teddy got nervous . 
 he did n't answer and he started to back up . 
 the light told him it was okay , that he did n't have to tell it . 
 teddy was relieved . 
 still not close enough to the light to touch it , teddy asked the light to come closer . 
 the light said it was too dangerous . 
 teddy asked it why and it said it was sick . 
 teddy said he knew what it was like to be sick and told the light about the time he had chicken pox when he was four . 
 the light seemed really interested in teddy 's story . 
 when teddy was done with the chicken pox story , he asked the light what it was . 
 the light said it was teddy 's friend . 
 teddy laughed . 
 he told the light he knew it was his friend but he did n't know what kind of thing the light was . 
 the light said that was a silly question . 
 teddy said he thought it was silly that a light was flying around his backyard . 
 then the light said it was n't just a light . 
 teddy got nervous and excited at the same time . 
 he thought he was about to find out what the light was . 
 then the light disappeared . 
 teddy called for the light , asking it where it went . 
 he begged the light to come back and said that he liked talking to it . 
 he heard the light 's voice say it liked talking to teddy , too . 
 then teddy heard footsteps coming toward him . 
 scared , he raised his flashlight where the light had just been . 
 right in front of him was a monster . 
 teddy screamed . 
 he turned to run but the monster grabbed him . 
 the monster said it thought teddy liked him and that it wanted to play . 
 teddy was yelling and screaming and the monster covered teddy 's mouth with its hand . 
 teddy bit the hand and it let go . 
 the monster swore at him as he ran away , out of the trees . 
 he could hear the monster coming after him and yelling at him . 
 suddenly teddy remembered that he did n't know where he was in the trees . 
 he started crying but kept running . 
 he could see his house through the trees to his left , so he turned left and ran faster . 
 as he got closer to the end of the trees , he heard the monster 's footsteps getting slower . 
 teddy ran into his backyard and kept running for the house . 
 he looked back and the monster was n't there . 
 when he looked forward again he ran right into his dad . 
 he stared at his dad for a few seconds , not realizing what had happened . 
 when he did realize it he hugged his dad and cried . 
 his dad hugged him back and kept asking him what was wrong and what happened . 
 teddy could n't talk . 
 even when he was safe in his parents ' bed , he could n't talk . 
 teddy did n't think he was ever going to fall asleep , but he finally did . 
 he parents took him to school the next day to see miss payton . 
 teddy liked seeing her , but he was still upset and scared after the monster tried to hurt him . 
 he sat on the floor silently the whole class . 
 miss payton kept trying to get him to talk and play , but he could n't . 
 he just kept seeing the monster in the trees . 
 when class was over , teddy walked over to the corner and sat in it . 
 he knew the monsters from the day before would be coming and he wanted to be as far away from them as possible . 
 he did n't have the energy to scream or cry when they started coming in . 
 miss payton kept coming over to him after each one left . 
 he felt safe when she was near him , but he was still scared . 
 then teddy saw the monster from the trees . 
 it came into the room and looked right at him . 
 teddy stood up and started shaking . 
 miss payton saw him getting even more scared and she asked him what was wrong . 
 teddy was staring at the monster . 
 miss payton looked at it . 
 she did n't say anything and teddy could n't talk . 
 he was frozen with fear . 
 his parents finally came into the room but teddy could n't run to them . 
 they came over to him and seemed really worried . 
 they hugged him tight and teddy closed his eyes and clung to his father . 
 they took him home . 
 teddy knew he would be safe at home . 
 dear missy , the market did n't have any tangerines today . 
 i bought some strawberries , though . 
 i 'll eat one for you . 
 i think the cashier was flirting with me . 
 it 's been so long i do n't know if that 's normal behavior for girls these days or if she was truly infatuated with me . 
 she kept asking me questions about my writing and i promised her i would show her something the next time i came by . 
 it 's been a while since i 've given anything to you to read , has n't it ? 
 there are some stories in my desk at my house if you want to read them . 
 i have stories from when we were kids in one of the boxes there . 
 maybe the girls would enjoy reading them . 
 i know i enjoyed writing them . 
 i 've been thinking about mom a lot lately . 
 i do n't actually remember too much about her , but i have the pictures and your stories . 
 you made her seem so loving and powerful . 
 i wish i had known her , but i 'm happy i always had you . 
 my head has been hurting for a while now . 
 i took a break from writing to try to clear my head but it is n't helping . 
 i 'm going to get back to work . 
 love , ken pray i knelt at my bedside , praying still . 
 it had become customary for me to pray for hours before i went to sleep . 
 constantly pleading for god 's forgiveness , i never forgot the event that changed me forever . 
 i prayed to the lord to bless me and my late father . 
 i asked for other blessings , but asked for special blessings for my family . 
 i did not expect to be granted those blessings , as i had not heard god 's voice in years . 
 at the age of sixty , i was willing to accept whatever my fate was at the hands of my great creator . 
 i finished my prayers that night and lay in my bed . 
 i would not wake up the next morning . 
 god had forgiven me and accepted me into heaven . 
 my father was not there . 
 thirty-five years ago , i looked out at the patrons filing into the church . 
 the service proceeded as usual . 
 admittedly , the routines of the catholic church bored me . 
 however , i took delight in delivering my sermon . 
 it gave me the platform to express my opinions and beliefs and to help others see and accept god into their lives . 
 my sermon that day was about respect . 
 i told the patrons that the most important respect they need to have is for god and the lord , but that in order to respect god , they had to respect other people first . 
 i emphasized that even the worst criminals have respectable qualities , and that true respect for the lord is pivotal in salvation . 
 i finished my sermon and took communion . 
 i gave communion to the patrons and finished the service . 
 i took some time to pray by myself , as i did after every service . 
 i thanked god for my health and the health of my family , and asked forgiveness for my transgressions . 
 i thanked him for my father and for my father 's teachings . 
 i also thanked him for the intelligence and social skills i was blessed with . 
 i completed my prayers and headed for the classroom . 
 i had a group of boys to teach that day . 
 they wanted to learn about priesthood . 
 my father had taught the class until that year , when he let me take over . 
 there were ten boys in my group from ages six to twelve . 
 that day i spoke to them about loyalty among members of the priesthood . 
 i told them that a priest 's closest brothers are his fellow priests . 
 i thought of my father and his friends while i told them this . 
 they had done so much for me . 
 my father had been so good to me and had raised me with so much compassion . 
 i was proud to teach that class in his place . 
 i used that relationship with my father as an example of loyalty . 
 i told the boys that loyalty to god is important and that it can be learned through the loyalty of the priesthood . 
 when i dismissed the class , i spoke with the parents of the boys , as i always did . 
 i told them how their sons were doing and my opinion on if priesthood was right for them . 
 the parents were eager to hear from me and they were all very friendly and accepting of my opinions . 
 i waited in the church hall with an eight-year old boy in my class . 
 his parents had not yet arrived . 
 we prayed together . 
 we knew the reason his parents were late , but we prayed for their safety , anyway . 
 he told me he needed to go to the bathroom and he headed towards the classroom , as there was one in there . 
 i closed my eyes and prayed . 
 i said basic prayers and asked for the things i always did . 
 i also prayed that the boy was okay in the bathroom . 
 anytime someone went somewhere alone , i prayed for him . 
 i finished my prayers after about five minutes , then began walking around the church . 
 i looked up and down the benches , looking for anything that might have been left during service . 
 i found a purse . 
 it had a wallet and various other items in it . 
 as i picked it up , a woman ran into the church . 
 she yelled to me , saying that the purse was hers . 
 i gave it back to her and she thanked me for finding it for her . 
 as she left , i felt good for helping her . 
 i enjoyed doing good . 
 i began to notice that the boy had been in the bathroom for quite some time . 
 i decided to go knock on the door and make sure he was okay . 
 as i made my way to the classroom , i heard my father 's voice . 
 i peered into the classroom and was horrified at what i saw . 
 the boy was sitting in a chair with his pants and underwear around his ankles . 
 my father had his left hand between the boy 's legs and he was praying for the boy . 
 he then kissed the boy and told him that he needed salvation . 
 my stomach was twisted and i wanted to throw up . 
 my father pressed his lips to the boy again and let them sit for a few seconds . 
 i started feeling dizzy . 
 they could n't see me and i wondered to myself why i was n't doing anything about it . 
 i continued to witness my father do unspeakable things to the boy and i eventually had to run to the bathroom on the other side of the church . 
 as i vomited out all the contents of my stomach i tried to make sense of what i had just seen . 
 there was no sense . 
 i made my way back to the classroom as both the boy left the room and his parents entered the church . 
 my father came out of the room as i greeted the parents . 
 i wanted to tell them what my father had done . 
 i wanted to scream at him for doing it . 
 i did n't . 
 the boy 's parents accepted my father 's explanation that he was talking to the boy about his pet 's death as the reason for the boy being upset . 
 the boy went along with it . 
 the three of them left me alone with my father . 
 he must have known that i had seen him , as he told me to `` remember my loyalty . '' 
 i said nothing as he left my side and went to the back room of the church . 
 i knelt at the altar and opened my mind to god . 
 i did not pray . 
 i opened my thoughts and waited for god 's instructions . 
 they did not come . 
 i started crying and silently begged for guidance . 
 i thought about my sermon and my lesson . 
 i realized that they contradicted one another . 
 i should be loyal to my father , but my father did not respect god . 
 he could n't have if he did not respect that boy . 
 how could i be loyal to someone who did n't respect god ? 
 priests were servants of god . 
 we translated his words for others to understand . 
 even if my father strayed from his purpose , i was still loyal to the priesthood and to my brothers who respected god . 
 if i turned my father in , it would instill distrust for priests in the patrons . 
 people would stop coming to church and lose faith in the lord . 
 as far as that boy knew , he was doing what god wanted , and he would not realize what he went through until he was older . 
 i forced myself to believe that . 
 i never once spoke about what happened , but every day i prayed for forgiveness for keeping it quiet . 
 i lived my life respecting god and staying loyal to the priesthood . 
 i did not become my father , but i filled his position to the best of my ability and i became a bishop . 
 i served my god and my church as well as i knew how , and i became a very respected member of society . 
 i was shocked to see the boy in heaven . 
 he said that god had sent him to me . 
 he killed himself when he was sixteen because of what my father did to him . 
 i was overcome with grief , and i confessed to having witnessed my father 's heinous acts . 
 i begged for forgiveness . 
 the boy hugged me and told me he forgave me . 
 he smiled and walked away . 
 dear missy , i dreamt about theresa last night . 
 i woke up in tears with sweat soaking the bed . 
 it all seemed so real . 
 she had just died and she came to visit me . 
 she wanted to tell me one last time that she loved me . 
 i got on my knees and begged her to forgive me for not saving her . 
 over and over she kept saying she loved me but never that she forgave me . 
 i do n't know what that means . 
 i forgave myself for not saving her already . 
 why would n't she forgive me too ? 
 it was just a dream . 
 if she wanted to actually come to me i 'm sure it would n't be in a dream . 
 did mom ever come to you after she died ? 
 i used to see her a lot . 
 she never spoke to me but i would see her when i woke up in the morning , watching me in my bed to make sure i was okay . 
 i never told you that before . 
 i do n't know why . 
 anyway , how 's james doing ? 
 has he proposed to you yet ? 
 i do n't know what 's taking him so long . 
 he 's clearly mad for you . 
 that man came by again today . 
 i told him you two were getting married just so i would have good news to share . 
 it was n't really a lie , you and james will get married some day . 
 i hope i do n't dream about theresa again tonight . 
 it hurt too much to wake up without her . 
 i 'm going to work on my stories now . 
 my head does n't hurt but i do n't want it to start . 
 please write back soon . 
 love , ken fire , 1 my girlfriend was absolutely amazing . 
 she was sweet , compassionate , funny , and smart . 
 she was beautiful in every sense of the word . 
 we had plans to get married , we knew where we going to live , we knew how many kids we wanted , and we knew how we were going to raise them . 
 i loved her in a way that i had never experienced before . 
 i also , in a way , felt extremely protective of her -- more so than a boyfriend or future husband should . 
 i always figured it was because of the way her parents treated her . 
 she was seventeen and for the fourteen years of her life she could remember , her parents had been mentally , emotionally , and sometimes physically abusive . 
 i spent two years being a supportive friend , trying to get her self-esteem to where it should be . 
 i helped her get into counseling for her suicidal thoughts . 
 we fell completely in love along the way . 
 i wanted a relationship after a year , but she refused to make a commitment until she felt she was fully recovered from her childhood and adolescent trauma . 
 i respected that for over a year until she said she was ready . 
 unfortunately for me , that meant seeing more of her parents . 
 the hatred i felt for them could not be expressed in words . 
 yet , they were still her parents and she did not want to alienate them . 
 her two younger siblings did n't relieve any anxiety , either . 
 they were loud , expressive , spoiled brats -- bratty in the pure sense of the word . 
 they talked back , did n't listen , and acted like they ruled the house -lrb- because they usually did -rrb- . 
 it was september when alisa invited me to spend the weekend in the mountains with her and her family . 
 they were renting a cabin and had room for one more guest . 
 lucky me . 
 no cable tv , no internet , and no cell service for three days . 
 at home , i would 've just read or slept the whole time . 
 with her family , it was a hellish idea . 
 i would have to listen to her family for three days with no alternative because -lrb- alisa said -rrb- it would have been rude to just sit and read the whole time . 
 and forget about saying `` no . '' 
 it was her mother 's idea for me to go and saying `` no '' would offend her . 
 i had to care about that . 
 so , i packed three days worth of clothes , the appropriate hygiene accessories , and a cooler full of mountain dew . 
 i hugged my parents and kissed my computer goodbye . 
 i settled into the backseat of anna 's minivan and spent three hours with my teeth sunk firmly into my tongue , holding back everything i wanted to say . 
 i told alisa 's parents a rare lie , saying that riding in the backseat made me sick and lightheaded , so i could lie in bed and recover from the anxiety of the ride as soon as we got to the cabin . 
 the bed was so comfortable that i fell asleep in minutes . 
 my very pleasant dream about my girlfriend and her best friend was interrupted when alisa woke me up . 
 it had been about an hour , and she told me that since everyone had settled in we were going out for lunch . 
 we would go shopping on the way back for food to cook at the cabin . 
 dreading the idea of being in that minivan again so soon , i followed her out of the room . 
 then i started missing my own bedroom dearly . 
 anna started yelling at alisa as soon as she could see her . 
 she said that alisa should n't have woken me up -- that i was sick and needed to rest . 
 she said that they could have waited until i was ready to go . 
 alisa told her i did n't mind going then and that it was okay . 
 i was smart enough not to get involved . 
 it became a yelling match between the two , with anna saying things that had nothing to do with what they were yelling about . 
 alisa was getting very upset . 
 she tried getting gary involved , but he would n't say anything . 
 he just let his wife say whatever she wanted to alisa . 
 i was getting angry , but there was nothing i could do . 
 the argument ended with anna telling alisa to get in the car and that we were leaving . 
 i followed alisa to the van . 
 she was crying when i sat down in the seat next to her . 
 all i could do was hug her while she cried . 
 i was amazed that anna could n't be civil for a whole day . 
 i should n't have been , considering i already knew she was like that . 
 i just could n't stand to see alisa so upset . 
 i asked why we even came . 
 she did n't answer . 
 she knew it was a rhetorical question but i really wanted to know why she bothered to go . 
 she knew how much trouble it was going to be . 
 bringing me made it even worse because anna was embarrassing her in front of her boyfriend . 
 the ride to the restaurant was filled with tension . 
 anna and alisa did n't speak to each other . 
 gary was silent . 
 jake and cady , however , were not . 
 they were as loud and annoying as they were on the first trip . 
 they were screaming about every car we passed , what they were going to eat at the restaurant , and something about spongebob . 
 they started arguing when jake said he was going to get chocolate milk with his lunch . 
 cady began to yell at him , insisting that she was going to get chocolate milk with her lunch and that jake could n't get it , too . 
 jake said that he said it first , so cady could n't have it . 
 i tried not to listen after that . 
 my head was spinning and they were pissing me off . 
 anna must have thought it was funny or cute because she was laughing . 
 gary was reading a magazine , and alisa had her head buried in her lap with her hands over her ears . 
 the kids had been fighting for a few minutes when alisa decided that she 'd had enough . 
 she screamed louder than them , telling them to shut up . 
 anna immediately came to their defense . 
 she yelled at alisa , telling her not to yell at cady and jake . 
 alisa yelled back , saying that they were being too loud and they were getting on her nerves . 
 i laid my head back and tried to tune out everything around me . 
 i missed my parents and my house . 
 i missed my sanity . 
 alisa eventually stopped arguing . 
 she did n't seem to think there was any point . 
 i whispered in her ear that i loved her , but i doubted it would help . 
 when we got to the restaurant , gary asked anna if she wanted to smoke a cigarette with him before they went in . 
 anna agreed and told alisa to go get a table . 
 she was glad to get away from them , even for just a minute or two . 
 i went with her . 
 she told the host we wanted a table for six and he seated us . 
 alisa laid her head down on the table and started crying again . 
 i asked her why she put herself through that stress . 
 she told me it was because they were family . 
 i told her that even with family , there was a line that needed to be drawn . 
 she apologized for her mother . 
 i told alisa it was n't her fault and that it would all be over in three days . 
 she said it was too long . 
 she went to the bathroom , leaving me alone at the table , waiting on her family to arrive . 
 they did , and jake sat next to me . 
 he started asking me question after question . 
 he asked about anything he saw on me : my ring , my watch , my necklace , my shirt , my hair , my glasses , and even my mustache . 
 it gave me a headache and i wanted to share it with him . 
 alisa finally came back , making her brother sit on the outside of the booth , letting her sit next to me . 
 when the waiter came and asked what we all wanted to drink , i panicked inside . 
 i was anticipating the return of the chocolate milk argument . 
 indeed , it came . 
 as fast as he could , jake said he wanted chocolate milk . 
 cady yelled at him and said she was going to get chocolate milk , not jake . 
 thankfully , anna stopped them this time . 
 she told them to calm down and be quiet . 
 she said both of them could get chocolate milk . 
 jake and cady stopped fighting , but neither looked happy . 
 the restaurant did n't have mountain dew , so i ordered lemonade instead . 
 once the waiter left , anna started talking to me . 
 i had to make myself listen , as my natural reaction to her voice was to tune it out . 
 she asked me what i was going to eat , why i chose it , and if i liked anything else on the menu . 
 then she questioned me about my family , asking questions she already knew the answers to . 
 she was just as annoying as jake and she was making my headache worse . 
 when anna finally stopped talking to me , i asked alisa if she had any tylenol in her purse . 
 anna must have heard me -lrb- dammit -rrb- since she asked if i had a headache . 
 i lied and said i had a small one . 
 she offered me something for it , even though i had already asked alisa . 
 alisa told her mother that she was already getting something for me . 
 i wished she had n't . 
 anna 's attitude changed dramatically and she reacted to alisa in a defensive way , telling alisa that she was just trying to be nice . 
 she said alisa did n't have to `` snap '' at her . 
 i hoped alisa would have just let it go , but she did n't . 
 i loved her persistence , but it definitely was not a good thing when it came to anna . 
 she argued with her mother . 
 she told her that she was n't `` snapping '' at her , that she had already gotten tylenol out for me and she did n't want anna to worry about it . 
 anna argued back , saying that alisa needed to respect her , especially out in public . 
 alisa said it was n't an issue of respect , that anna had just misunderstood her . 
 anna told her to stop arguing , that it was n't polite to do it in a restaurant . 
 alisa threw her head back and sighed . 
 i still had n't gotten any tylenol . 
 there was n't much conversation from then on . 
 we ordered our food and it came quickly . 
 the kids started to argue about something while they were eating , but jake got distracted by an odd-looking french fry that he found on his plate . 
 we finished eating peacefully and my headache waned some . 
 then the waiter came and asked if we wanted dessert . 
 i wanted to kill him . 
 jake and cady started yelling over each other shouting out what they wanted for dessert . 
 anna quieted them down and told them she could n't afford dessert . 
 they started whining and screaming because they wanted ice cream . 
 anna was yelling over them to get them to stop . 
 when they finally did , she told the waiter they were n't getting dessert and he gave her the check . 
 then we left the restaurant for another car ride . 
 dear missy , well , it took him long enough . 
 what 's the engagement ring look like ? 
 i bet he got you a nice diamond . 
 he loves spoiling you . 
 let me know when you set a date . 
 hopefully i will be home by the time the wedding comes around . 
 the girl at the market was definitely flirting with me . 
 she asked me to take her out for lunch when i was in there today . 
 i was flattered , but i turned her down . 
 i 'm just not ready for it yet . 
 it 's too soon . 
 besides , i 'm not living here permanently . 
 it probably would n't work . 
 i had a dream last night but it was n't about theresa . 
 it was a strange dream . 
 you and i were children , but belle and tammi were with us . 
 we were all playing together in the tree house . 
 it was strange and pleasant at the same time . 
 i could relate to the girls on their level and i also got to relive some of my childhood with you . 
 i miss the times i spent with you back then . 
 once we became adults it was never the same . 
 how 's mom ? 
 i hope she likes living with you . 
 is she following the doctor 's instructions ? 
 i do n't know what i 'd do if she died . 
 my head really hurts . 
 i think this is the worst headache i 've gotten since i moved out here . 
 i miss you and i hope to hear from you soon . 
 love , ken fallout , 2 `` it gets harder every year , susie , seeing kids die . 
 i ca n't handle it . '' 
 chuck grabbed a beer from the fridge . 
 `` put that down , chuck . '' 
 susie took it out of his hand and put it on the kitchen counter . 
 `` you know you 've said that every year since you started ? '' 
 `` well , i mean it this time . 
 it 's getting worse . 
 no matter how much success we have with treatment , people just keep dying . 
 a lot of them are kids . '' 
 `` you ca n't quit , chuck . 
 ro is low on good officers . '' 
 chuck shook his head . 
 `` sometimes i wonder if there 's any point , you know ? 
 `` no , i do n't know . 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` we move people over and over but they 're still dying . 
 sickness gets worse , the burns get worse , and we just keep moving people and they just keep dying . 
 today i watched a grown man cry his eyes out after seeing his son die in the shower . 
 he was a teenager . 
 he did n't deserve it . 
 sarai 's kids are covered in burn scars . 
 they 'll never have normal lives . '' 
 `` sarai ? '' 
 susie was curious . 
 `` she 's a woman i moved today . '' 
 `` you call her by her first name ? '' 
 `` she 's special , susie . '' 
 susie looked jealous . 
 `` not special like you , of course . 
 her husband is dead and her children are scarred and she never complains . 
 she cooperates with us , chats with us , even donates money to ro when she can afford it . '' 
 the look of jealousy left susie 's face . 
 `` i 've never moved anyone like her . 
 she does n't deserve the life she 's been given . 
 no one deserves the world we live in . '' 
 `` there 's nothing you can do , chuck . 
 ro 's job is make this world as livable as possible . '' 
 `` there 's got to be something else we can do . 
 something to fix what we did . '' 
 `` they 're working on it , you know that . '' 
 chuck paused for a few seconds . 
 `` i know . 
 i just wish it was n't taking so long . '' 
 susie put her hand on chuck 's shoulder . 
 `` you remember that house we stayed in out west a couple years ago ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i 'm gon na get it for sarai 's family . '' 
 `` what do you mean , ` get it ? '' ' 
 susie looked confused . 
 she pulled her hand back . 
 `` i told her i would put up the custom relocation fee so they could get it . '' 
 susie became annoyed . 
 `` without asking me ? '' 
 `` i did n't think i had to . 
 i thought you 'd be okay with it . '' 
 `` you work for them , chuck . 
 you know how much that fee is . 
 we ca n't afford that . '' 
 `` why not , susie ? 
 look at the nice places we get to live in . '' 
 he waved his arm around the house . 
 `` they always give us the newest car . 
 we 've got plenty saved in the bank . '' 
 `` we still have bills to pay . 
 how much do they take out of your check to pay the bills for the ` nice places ' they give us ? 
 we 're still paying off this furniture , not to mention the credit cards we 've had since we got married . '' 
 `` listen to me , susie . '' 
 susie was angry . 
 chuck continued , `` i know the fee is expensive . '' 
 `` it 'll drain the savings account . '' 
 `` i know , but we are doing well . 
 even without the savings account , we will always be fine . 
 sarai relies on the government for everything . 
 her children have seen nothing but tiny , sometimes dirty apartments . 
 they deserve that house more than anyone . '' 
 `` that 's not your problem , chuck . 
 you go to work and you do your job . 
 you do n't do favors . '' 
 chuck stared at susie for a few seconds . 
 `` where is all this coming from ? 
 this is n't like you . '' 
 `` we were supposed to start our own family . 
 that 's what the savings account is for . '' 
 `` are you pregnant ? '' 
 `` no , but i want to be . '' 
 chuck walked closer to susie and took her hand . 
 `` we 'll have our family , susie , with or without that savings account . 
 sarai needs this . '' 
 susie pulled her hand away again . 
 `` you ca n't make those kind of decisions by yourself . '' 
 the phone rang . 
 susie sighed in annoyance . 
 `` do n't answer it , chuck . '' 
 he answered the phone anyway . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 one of chuck 's fellow relocation officers was on the other end . 
 `` chuck ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` the fourth shift officer did n't show up tonight . 
 we need you to come in . '' 
 chuck looked at susie . 
 `` do n't even say it , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm going to bed . '' 
 she turned around and went into their bedroom . 
 `` i 'll be there , '' chuck said and hung up the phone . 
 he got dressed again and drove to the relocation site for the fourth shift . 
 it was dark out and enforcement was increased outside the complex . 
 it was a retirement community that chuck had n't been to before . 
 he was tired but ready to work . 
 he picked up his chart from the assistant branch director , grabbed an aro and headed into the building . 
 `` we 're having difficulties with this building , sir , '' the aro told chuck . 
 `` what kind of difficulties ? '' 
 `` just take a look . '' 
 chuck walked into the first quad . 
 it was a large room with a tv , couches and chairs , and a few exercise machines . 
 there were doors lining all four walls for the living quarters . 
 there were no bags outside any of them . 
 `` has anyone tried going in ? '' 
 `` doors are locked . 
 no one will answer from inside . 
 the security cameras show them in there moving around so we know they 're not dead . 
 they just wo n't answer . '' 
 `` did you call the super ? '' 
 `` he 's missing , sir . '' 
 `` missing ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` well , what 's the director waiting for ? 
 bust the doors in . '' 
 `` when he heard you were coming he said to wait for you . '' 
 chuck was surprised and confused . 
 `` why me ? '' 
 `` you 've been doing this for twenty years , he trusts your judgment . 
 he thought maybe you could defuse the situation before it came to ` busting in . '' ' 
 `` he 's the assistant branch director -- three levels above me . 
 he should n't be deferring to me . '' 
 `` if i may say , sir , you 're the best that ro has . 
 you know just as much as the head director himself and you 've been here longer . '' 
 `` still does n't change protocol . '' 
 `` because you 're one for protocol ? '' 
 chuck gave the aro a dirty look . 
 `` not the point . '' 
 the aro smiled back . 
 `` it 's your move , sir . '' 
 `` yeah , i got it . '' 
 chuck pushed his chart against the aro 's chest and let go of it . 
 he walked up to room one and knocked on the door . 
 `` it 's time to move ! '' 
 there was no response . 
 `` what 's the name here ? '' 
 `` martinez , sir . 
 mark and lisa . '' 
 `` mr. and mrs. martinez , please open the door and talk to me . '' 
 there was still no response . 
 `` look , folks . 
 the men out here want to break your door down and shoot you . 
 i do n't want that to happen . '' 
 a male voice came from inside , `` do n't pretend to care about us ! '' 
 chuck looked back at the aro , surprised . 
 he looked back to the door . 
 `` i 'm not pretending , sir . 
 i do care . 
 besides , whether i care about you or not , they 'll come in and shoot you and i 'll have to clean the mess . 
 i really do n't want to have to do that . '' 
 mark martinez opened the door slowly . 
 `` they wo n't actually shoot us , will they ? '' 
 `` no , '' chuck said , `` but it got you to open the door . '' 
 mark quickly tried to push the door shut , but chuck held it open . 
 `` look , mr. martinez , we have to move you . 
 it 's getting late and we have plenty more buildings to go tonight . '' 
 `` we 're not going anywhere . '' 
 `` do n't do this , sir . 
 you know it 's not going to work . 
 they wo n't shoot you with bullets , but the men outside have tranquilizers . '' 
 `` we 've all discussed this . 
 we 're too old to keep moving . 
 none of us are going . '' 
 he walked back into his living room and sat down on the couch . 
 chuck followed him . 
 `` how do you plan to stop it ? '' 
 `` we wo n't cooperate . 
 you wo n't force us all out . 
 how will it make you all look ? '' 
 chuck shook his head . 
 `` you do n't know much about the relocation office , do you ? '' 
 `` we ca n't go , '' lisa said to chuck . 
 `` why not ? 
 what makes it so hard for you to move ? '' 
 `` we 're sick , '' mark said . 
 `` we 're old . 
 we 're tired . 
 we 're constantly in pain . '' 
 `` that 's why we 're moving you , to get you somewhere better . '' 
 mark became angry . 
 `` we 're going to die anyway ! 
 moving will hardly give us any extra time . 
 what you 're doing does not help us . 
 it causes us more stress and pain . '' 
 chuck was torn . 
 mark was only feeding his feeling that relocation was pointless . 
 his resolve started to fade . 
 `` please , mr. martinez , go peacefully . 
 i do n't want to see them hurt you . '' 
 `` i do n't believe they will . '' 
 chuck stared at mark . 
 he seemed so sure the officers would n't use force . 
 chuck could n't keep his composure . 
 tears formed in his eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 he walked out of the room and up to his aro . 
 `` they wo n't go peacefully . '' 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 chuck looked uneasy . 
 `` bring in the enforcers . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 tranquilize all these people ? '' 
 chuck wiped away tears and said , `` i have no choice . '' 
 he walked away and headed for the next building . 
 dear missy , i 'm sorry missy . 
 i do n't know why i asked about mom . 
 i think the headache i had the last time i wrote you made me a little delusional . 
 she went to the retirement home last year . 
 the people there make sure she follows doctor 's orders . 
 does she like it there ? 
 how was the wedding ? 
 you must be so blissful . 
 james has always been a great man and i 'm so happy that you two found each other . 
 i 'm sorry i could n't make it . 
 i 'm just not ready to leave here yet . 
 i wanted to come , truly i did . 
 i feel so horrible that i missed it . 
 you 'll have to send me pictures . 
 i 'm sure you were beautiful . 
 you definitely got the looks in the family . 
 i 've never worn a suit well . 
 ah , i 'm crying thinking about the girls . 
 i hope you had belle and tammi as flower girls . 
 that would 've been the sweetest . 
 please , send me pictures soon . 
 writing about the girls makes me think of a story i wrote when we were young . 
 it was about you and mom . 
 i told you about it once before . 
 do you remember ? 
 you were going door to door with mom , trying to sell cookies and dad -- never mind . 
 i 'm not going to write about him . 
 i have to get back to work . 
 my head is starting to hurt . 
 i look forward to your next letter and the pictures . 
 love , ken lover the warm glow of the lamp beside me was comforting . 
 i looked into the night , seeing an abandoned street corner . 
 there was an old warehouse , a closed down restaurant building , and an empty , decrepit apartment building . 
 there sat one lonely car . 
 it was parked in front of the storage house , about a block away from me . 
 i stood atop the stairs that came from everett park and led into the intersection of james lane and cyril street . 
 it was a familiar scene for me . 
 i liked to stand on the steps and look out over the town buildings at the city . 
 myer city was so close , but at the same time so distant . 
 the steps were perfect : each brick aligned perfectly and they were all the same shade of gray . 
 the town maintained them well . 
 they were , after all , historically important . 
 cyril myer was walking down them the evening he was stabbed to death . 
 ravenstown was renamed myer city in his honor , yet our little suburban town of crowsville was all but forgotten . 
 cyril was regarded as a great man who fought for citizens ' rights . 
 he was a defense attorney-turned-politician who took a radical view of democracy . 
 he firmly believed that the citizens of any town , city , state , or country should have complete authority over everything they did . 
 although people did not share his view , most respected him for standing up for his beliefs . 
 i had studied him for years and at times he became an obsession for me . 
 i strived to emulate every aspect of his character and personality in everything i did . 
 i was not a politician , however . 
 i was the owner of the old restaurant at the street corner . 
 at least , i used to be . 
 the town building inspector had deemed my restaurant unsafe three times . 
 it was n't my fault . 
 i did n't have the necessary funds to keep it up to code , but i saw no reason people still could n't get their food to go . 
 cyril myer was stabbed to death by a mad woman . 
 she had been his lover once , or so cyril had insisted . 
 she had accused him of rape and tried to ruin his career and campaign . 
 she could never prove it , of course . 
 her sick obsession with her fantasy must have driven her to insanity . 
 she brutally attacked and killed him the night before the town election . 
 the building inspector resembled cyril myer 's lover quite well . 
 they had the same blonde hair , hazel eyes , and full lips . 
 i watched her walk down james lane in her jogging outfit . 
 she was sweating and breathing heavily . 
 she stopped to drink from her water bottle . 
 that was my chance . 
 i walked down the steps and approached her . 
 before she could swallow , i shoved her to the ground with all my strength . 
 water sprayed from her mouth . 
 i kicked her in the stomach and she screamed in pain . 
 she shouted , `` i 'll tell everyone ! '' 
 i said , `` over my dead body . '' 
 `` why ca n't you accept ` no ' ? '' 
 `` nobody denies me ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 i kicked her again and she cried out in pain . 
 i looked around and everything was different . 
 i saw my lamps and my street signs . 
 how were they mine ? 
 i looked down at the building inspector and there was blood coming from her mouth . 
 i looked back at the old lamps and signs . 
 they were just as they were when i was atop the stairs . 
 i picked up my lover and carried her , kicking and screaming , into the shoe factory warehouse . 
 i threw her hard onto the ground , face up . 
 i got on top of her and shouted , `` you will do what i tell you ! 
 you are going to tell everyone that we were lovers for one night . 
 you agreed to meet me and you wanted to be with me . '' 
 she struggled underneath me , screaming , `` i hate you ! 
 i 'll tell them all ! 
 you 'll be finished ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shouted back . 
 `` you 'll ruin my campaign ! 
 my career will be over ! '' 
 she grabbed a shoe and hit me on the side of the head . 
 i smacked her across the face . 
 the rock went flying across the empty room . 
 the building inspector said , `` that place was a disaster waiting to happen . 
 i did the town a favor by shutting it down . '' 
 i had heard enough . 
 i tore her clothes off and i raped her . 
 i threatened to kill her if she told anyone . 
 that would keep her quiet . 
 she agreed . 
 i let the building inspector go and she ran for her car . 
 as i watched her go , i remembered what my lover had done to me . 
 she killed me . 
 i would not let the building inspector get away with it , too . 
 i grabbed the rock she hit me with and ran after her . 
 i hit her head with it over and over again . 
 her head and the ground were covered in blood . 
 i looked at her car . 
 she had dropped the keys a few feet away . 
 i looked out at the stairs . 
 cyril myer was dead . 
 i was a killer . 
 i picked up the keys , got in the car , and drove away . 
 dear missy , it 's too hard . 
 i thought if i could get away from home it might help . 
 that it might take my mind away . 
 i see her everywhere . 
 i ca n't go down to the lake , build a fire , or walk through the woods without crying . 
 we never even did those things together . 
 it seems like the more i try to forget , the more i remember . 
 i ca n't look out the window at the bird feeder without thinking how much she loved birds . 
 i went outside to rip it down but could n't bring myself to . 
 i came back in and cried for hours . 
 i even see her in my stories . 
 i find myself writing her into them . 
 characters with her name , looks , personality . 
 each time i go back and rip up the pages . 
 it 's too hard to see her face with the other characters . 
 why should they have her if i ca n't ? 
 okay , i know what you 're going to say to that , but i still ca n't handle it . 
 the more i write , though , the more i see into myself . 
 my characters are suffering . 
 with each page i write , something more terrible happens than on the page before . 
 it scares me . 
 before i came up here i never wrote anything like that . 
 i never thought about writing anything like that . 
 i always want to rip those pages up , too , but i never can . 
 i feel like the stories need to happen that way . 
 i ca n't explain it . 
 please tell mom that i love her . 
 i do n't know if she 'll remember you when you see her but please try anyway . 
 love , ken monsters , 3 teddy saw billy 's mom come through the front door . 
 he was happy to see billy follow her in . 
 teddy was sitting in the living room next to his toy chest . 
 he did n't get up , but he said `` hi '' to billy . 
 billy took two dinosaur toys out of the chest and gave one to teddy . 
 he took it and billy sat down . 
 billy started playing with his dinosaur , making roaring sounds . 
 teddy tried to play , but his pretend roaring did n't sound mean enough . 
 billy asked teddy what was wrong and he told him that a monster tried to hurt him . 
 teddy 's mom looked at him . 
 she looked surprised . 
 teddy 's mom came over to him and asked him what he just said . 
 teddy did n't say anything . 
 his mom walked back over to billy 's mom . 
 billy asked teddy if it was scary . 
 teddy told him it was . 
 he said he did n't know if he was going to get away . 
 teddy 's mom looked at him again . 
 she watched him talk to billy . 
 billy asked him what the monster looked like . 
 teddy could n't answer . 
 billy asked him how he got away . 
 he said he bit the monster 's hand . 
 talking to billy made teddy feel better . 
 he played with billy for a few hours . 
 he did n't talk about the monster anymore . 
 the next day teddy 's parents took him to a doctor 's office . 
 they brought him into a room with some chairs and a couch . 
 teddy asked his parents what they were doing there and they told him he was going to get help with the monsters . 
 a doctor could n't help teddy with the monsters . 
 nobody knew what the monsters were . 
 teddy did n't say that to his parents . 
 he could n't tell them what the monsters were . 
 he could n't talk about it . 
 he did n't want to talk about it . 
 he waited patiently for the doctor to come in . 
 finally , the door opened . 
 a monster walked in the room . 
 teddy was so exhausted from being scared that he could n't scream . 
 he buried his head in his dad 's coat and cried quietly . 
 his parents asked him what was wrong and he asked them to take him away from the monster . 
 they walked teddy out the room and started whispering with the monster . 
 he tugged on his dad 's coat and told him to get away from the monster . 
 teddy 's dad told him that the monster was n't a monster , that it was a doctor , but he was wrong . 
 teddy knew what the monsters were . 
 the monster said it wanted to try something else . 
 teddy did n't know what it was talking about but it scared him . 
 he hid behind his dad and the monster went into another room . 
 teddy watched the door of that room carefully . 
 a doctor came out of it and asked them to go back in the room . 
 teddy sat on the couch with his parents . 
 the doctor started talking to his dad . 
 a few minutes later , she started talking to teddy . 
 she asked teddy about the monsters . 
 she asked all kinds of questions but teddy could n't answer any of them . 
 he kept looking at his dad saying he wanted to go home . 
 teddy felt like it was forever before his parents said they could leave . 
 they took him straight home . 
 later that day billy came over again . 
 teddy 's mom kept watching them play . 
 he thought he was doing something wrong , but she never yelled at him . 
 she just watched . 
 after playing with dinosaurs for a while , billy wanted to go outside . 
 he asked teddy if he wanted to go with him and he said `` yes . '' 
 they asked their moms and they took billy and teddy out in the backyard . 
 billy ran right to the swing set . 
 teddy started to follow him until he saw the trees . 
 he remembered the light and the monster . 
 his mom came out behind him and put her hand on his shoulder . 
 slowly , teddy walked over to the swing set with billy . 
 he sat on a swing and gently pushed himself into motion , facing the trees to make sure the monster did n't come out . 
 billy kept swinging higher and higher but teddy stayed low . 
 he did n't want to distract himself with the swinging in case the light or the monster came back . 
 while swinging , billy asked teddy if he wanted to play catch . 
 he did n't , but he said yes to billy make him happy . 
 he did n't want to upset his best friend . 
 teddy went in the house to get his baseball . 
 when he came back outside billy was standing next to the swing set . 
 he told teddy to stand by the trees and throw him the ball . 
 teddy got scared . 
 when he did n't go to the trees , billy told him to again . 
 slowly , teddy walked over to the trees . 
 after staring into them for a minute , he turned around and threw the ball to billy . 
 billy threw it back . 
 after each throw , teddy would look back at the trees to make sure the monster was n't there . 
 teddy 's mom was watching teddy play catch . 
 she looked worried and went into the house . 
 a few seconds later , both of teddy 's parents came out . 
 they watched him and billy throw the ball back and forth with teddy still looking back at the trees each time . 
 teddy smiled at his dad . 
 he smiled at teddy and went back in the house . 
 billy threw the ball to teddy and it went too high . 
 it flew over his head and went through the trees . 
 teddy 's stomach felt uneasy as he looked at the tree line . 
 billy told him to go get the ball . 
 teddy was frozen with fear . 
 billy told him to get it again . 
 teddy heard his mom call his name . 
 that made him feel safe . 
 he went over to the trees where the ball went in . 
 teddy 's mom called his name again . 
 he walked into the trees , looking for the ball . 
 a few steps in , teddy could hear his mother calling his name over and over . 
 he looked down and saw the baseball . 
 before teddy could grab the ball , a monster came running at him . 
 he screamed and the monster grabbed him . 
 teddy tried to keep screaming but the monster covered his mouth . 
 it started carrying him through the trees , running faster and faster . 
 teddy was crying and he was kicking and punching at the monster but it would n't let him go . 
 after a few minutes teddy stopped fighting . 
 he was scared and exhausted and the monster just would n't let go of him . 
 it started talking to teddy . 
 it told him if he was quiet and behaved that it would be nice to him . 
 teddy did n't believe it but he did n't have a choice . 
 he did n't want the monster to hurt him . 
 the monster brought him to a camp where there were a bunch of other monsters . 
 they were sitting around a campfire and when the monster carried teddy over to them they all got up and started smiling . 
 teddy knew the monster was n't going to be nice to him . 
 monsters were never nice . 
 the monsters took teddy 's clothes off of him . 
 teddy went to the place in his head where he ca n't see the monsters . 
 every time monsters hurt him he went there . 
 he did n't want to see the monsters or feel them hurting him . 
 he thought about playing dinosaurs with billy . 
 he thought about his mom making him breakfast . 
 he thought about his dad reading him stories in bed . 
 he thought about miss payton and school . 
 the monsters were still hurting teddy . 
 he tried to think about anything . 
 he thought about cheerios . 
 he thought about toys . 
 he thought about baseballs . 
 he thought about trees and grass and bugs and water . 
 it was n't enough . 
 teddy could n't hide from the monsters anymore . 
 he started crying and screaming but the monsters kept hurting him . 
 it seemed like the louder teddy screamed the more they hurt him . 
 teddy screamed so much he could n't breathe anymore and he passed out . 
 dear missy , something is wrong . 
 my head hurts so bad . 
 it 's so noisy in there . 
 i ca n't sort anything out . 
 things are n't happening the way they 're supposed to . 
 the monsters were n't supposed to hurt teddy . 
 teddy is a little boy . 
 he should be playing with his friends and going to school and eating cheerios . 
 he should playing dinosaurs with billy and he should always feel safe . 
 no boy deserves to be hurt by the monsters . 
 why did n't anyone help him ? 
 he cried and screamed and no one would listen to him . 
 it 's not right . 
 this has nothing to do with you , missy . 
 i do n't know why i 'm telling you . 
 you do n't even know teddy . 
 i just wish i could help him , but it 's too late . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have bothered you with this . 
 give mom my love . 
 love , ken fallout , 3 chuck was working his way through a small middle-class community . 
 daylight had broken and he was getting tired . 
 the rest of the night had gone relatively well , with only a few small issues . 
 he was still thinking about the people at the retirement community . 
 he felt horrible about tranquilizing all of them . 
 they did n't deserve that kind of treatment , but order had to be kept . 
 even if the system was n't perfect , it was the only system they had . 
 chuck forced himself to accept that rationale in order to get through the shift . 
 he got to the home of timothy melville . 
 he tried going in , but the front door was locked . 
 he rang the doorbell but got no response . 
 he banged on the door a few times and said , `` mr. melville , it 's moving day ! '' 
 there was still no response . 
 chuck turned to his aro . 
 `` how old is this guy ? '' 
 the aro checked the chart . 
 `` twenty-eight years old , sir . '' 
 `` last known health status ? '' 
 `` perfectly healthy . 
 he had a physical last month . 
 he 's in great shape . '' 
 chuck was confused . 
 `` then why is n't he coming to the door ? 
 did he answer when we called him today ? '' 
 the aro replied , `` yes . 
 he received and acknowledged the call . '' 
 `` something 's not right here . '' 
 chuck went back to the door and banged on it again . 
 `` mr. melville ! '' 
 he heard nothing . 
 he turned to his aro again and said , `` tell the enforcers to check the house for open windows or doors . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 the aro delivered the message to the enforcement officers . 
 they quickly came back , having found nothing open . 
 `` i 'm kicking the door in , '' chuck said . 
 he kicked the door a few times , but it did n't break open . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 he tried kicking it again but it still would n't break . 
 from inside a voice called , `` that door is steel reinforced and has three deadbolts on it . '' 
 chuck looked surprised . 
 `` mr. melville ? '' 
 `` i 'm not coming out , '' he answered . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` that 's a really stupid question . '' 
 `` mr. melville , i have authorization to break in . '' 
 `` you wo n't get in , '' he said . 
 `` the back door is just like the front door and the windows are security sealed . 
 you 'd need a wrecking crew to get in here . 
 just go away and leave me alone . '' 
 chuck was getting frustrated . 
 `` i ca n't do that . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 timothy asked . 
 `` you know why . 
 we have to move you . '' 
 `` where am i supposed to move to ? '' 
 chuck turned to his aro and said , `` where 's he going ? '' 
 `` county twelve , sir . '' 
 chuck sighed . 
 `` shit . '' 
 `` well ? '' 
 timothy called out . 
 check answered him , `` county twelve . '' 
 `` that 's exactly why i 'm not going . 
 that place is a pit . '' 
 `` it 's only for six months . '' 
 `` i do n't care . 
 i 'm staying here . '' 
 chuck walked away from the door and to one of the enforcers . 
 `` take the door frame down and cut the deadbolts . 
 we have to get in there . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' the enforcer replied . 
 chucked watched as the enforcement officers dismantled the front of timothy melville 's house . 
 he hated using those methods to force people to move . 
 when the deadbolts were cut off and the door was free , chuck heard timothy shouting . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 `` we got the door open , mr. melville , '' chuck responded . 
 `` i 'm coming in . '' 
 he pushed the door open and walked into the front hall of the house . 
 timothy yelled , `` get out ! '' 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere mr. melville , you have to -- '' chuck had gotten to the end of the hall . 
 timothy was in the adjoining living room and had a pistol aimed at chuck 's head . 
 he put his hands up and said , `` i was n't going to hurt you , timothy . '' 
 `` it 's timothy now ? 
 what happened to mr. melville ? '' 
 `` put the gun down . '' 
 the aro yelled , `` he 's got a gun ! '' 
 enforcement officers headed for the door . 
 timothy shouted , `` you come in here and i will shoot him ! '' 
 the enforcers backed away from the house . 
 `` where did you get that gun ? '' 
 `` shut up . '' 
 timothy pointed to a couch in the living room . 
 `` sit down . '' 
 `` you 're not allowed to have that gun . '' 
 chuck said . 
 `` where did you get it ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 `` yes , it does . 
 it 's illegal . '' 
 `` you do n't know how to shut up , do you ? '' 
 chuck sat down on the couch . 
 `` what do you think is going to happen here ? '' 
 `` they 're going to leave . 
 they 're going to leave me alone ! '' 
 `` that 's not going to happen , timothy . 
 if you shoot me , they 'll just come in and take you anyway . '' 
 chuck was nervous . 
 timothy was pacing around the room . 
 `` why do you keep moving everyone ? 
 it 's not like it helps . '' 
 `` it does help , '' chuck replied . 
 `` how is going to county twelve going to help me ? '' 
 `` it will help someone else . 
 in six months you 'll be moved out . '' 
 timothy was angry and hysterical . 
 `` that 's six months ! 
 i 'll get sick ! '' 
 `` but someone else will get out of there . '' 
 `` that 's supposed to make me feel better ? '' 
 `` it should . '' 
 timothy stopped pacing . 
 `` i bet you 've got it pretty good . 
 you work for them . '' 
 `` they do n't move me to places like county twelve , if that 's what you mean . '' 
 `` what makes you better than me ? '' 
 chuck felt guilty . 
 `` nothing . 
 i do the job that nobody wants to do . 
 they need me healthy because i help keep order . '' 
 `` maybe they should start putting you people in county twelve so you know what it 's like for us . '' 
 chuck did n't respond . 
 `` now you have nothing to say ? '' 
 timothy pointed the gun at him again . 
 chuck flinched . 
 `` are you going to shoot me or not ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 timothy looked confused . 
 `` why would say something so stupid ? '' 
 `` because one way or another the enforcement officers are going to come in . 
 if you 're going to shoot me i might as well call them in here now . 
 there 's a lot of work to get done tonight . '' 
 `` no , no . '' 
 timothy said . 
 `` you 're not gon na trick me like that . 
 i 'm not an idiot . 
 as long i have you , they wo n't come in here . '' 
 `` that 's not true . '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 `` my life is not as important to them as relocation . '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 `` it 's the truth ! '' 
 `` you 're lying ! '' 
 timothy fired the gun and the bullet missed chuck 's head by a few inches . 
 `` chuck ! '' 
 the aro yelled . 
 `` i 'm fine ! '' 
 he called back . 
 timothy was staring at chuck . 
 `` i wo n't miss again . '' 
 after a few seconds of silence , chuck said , `` you 're right , you know . '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` relocation does n't help . '' 
 timothy shook his head . 
 `` now you 're just screwing with me . '' 
 `` a kid died from the sickness yesterday . 
 i saw three more who were permanently scarred . '' 
 chuck was tearful . 
 `` there has to be a better way than this . '' 
 timothy sat in a chair across from the couch . 
 `` kids ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he set the gun on a table next to him . 
 `` this is just crazy . 
 how 'd we even get like this ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 our greed ? 
 our anger ? '' 
 `` it 's not right . '' 
 timothy buried his head in his hands . 
 `` it 's just not right . '' 
 chuck thought about running while timothy had his head down , but he raised it back up before he got the chance . 
 `` it 's got to be tough having to see that every day . '' 
 `` you have no idea . '' 
 chuck took a deep breath . 
 `` i 've been thinking about quitting . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 timothy looked surprised . 
 chuck nodded his head . 
 `` then you 'd be just like me . 
 moving to the pits . '' 
 chuck nodded his head again . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` you 'd really do that ? '' 
 chuck hesitated , but said , `` if my quitting can be a statement to make them change , then yes . 
 it would be worth it . '' 
 timothy picked up the gun again . 
 he said , `` you look like you need a drink . '' 
 `` i could use one . '' 
 timothy got up and went to the fridge in the kitchen behind him . 
 he opened the door and bent down to get the drinks . 
 chuck saw it as an opportunity to run . 
 he got up and slowly moved to the doorway . 
 he ran out of the room and down the hallway . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 timothy screamed . 
 `` get back here ! '' 
 he ran after chuck only to run into a barrage of tranquilizer darts . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 the aro asked chuck . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 the medical officers went in to check on timothy . 
 they put him on a stretcher and wheeled him out . 
 as he passed chuck , he said , `` i thought you wanted to be like me . '' 
 chuck was tearful again . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` you do n't care about us . '' 
 the medics put timothy in a medical van and drove away . 
 chuck walked away from the house and took a few deep breaths . 
 he rubbed his face and wiped his tears away . 
 the aro came over to him . 
 `` you did great in there , sir . '' 
 `` thanks , '' chuck said sarcastically . 
 `` he really believed you . 
 i did n't know you were such a good actor . '' 
 chuck looked at him . 
 `` i was n't acting . '' 
 the aro looked confused . 
 `` you 're really thinking about leaving ? '' 
 chuck did n't answer him . 
 instead , he said , `` do you have the chart ? '' 
 `` right here . '' 
 he handed the chart to chuck . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 chuck headed for the next house . 
 dear missy , what is wrong with me ? 
 mom 's dead . 
 she died a long time ago . 
 why would i think she 's in a retirement home ? 
 it has to be these headaches . 
 they 're clouding my mind and i do n't know how to stop it . 
 why have n't i heard from you , missy ? 
 you have n't sent me a letter in a long time . 
 did i say something wrong ? 
 was it bringing up mom ? 
 i 'm really sorry for that . 
 please forgive me and write me back . 
 your letters are all that keep me going since theresa died . 
 i never even got a letter from dad ... dad . 
 i do n't know how much longer i can handle these headaches . 
 please write back . 
 love , ken stop caleb sat in his dimly lit bedroom , writing poem after poem about the abuse he took from his parents , the drugs being done in his brother 's bedroom , and the girl he just lost to his junior high school football team 's quarterback , while his sister was suffering from the abuse of a man whose mind perceived her as only a sex object and something he must use as best as he could . 
 caleb thought his sister was at her friend 's house playing with barbie dolls and baking with her easy bake oven ; caleb had given it to her for her birthday in hopes of getting little brownies and cakes whenever his sister felt playful . 
 caleb loved his sister more than anything ; she alone showed him any love and affection and she was the only person who genuinely cared for him . 
 caleb wrote a poem about his last beating at the hands of his father as his sister was raped of her innocence and happiness , the man having shredded her sense of safety and peacefulness ; her life was forever changed . 
 caleb would learn of his sister 's experience days later , as it took him some time to locate her ; their parents made no effort . 
 caleb was deeply saddened , severely angered , overwhelmingly mad , and riddled with guilt ; he felt he had not done enough to protect his sister , as he could have checked on her at her friend 's house . 
 caleb held his sister all night long ; she did not stop crying , she could n't speak , her hair was dirty and she clung to him incessantly . 
 caleb decided that someone needed to stop bad people ; his parents needed to be stopped from abusing , his brother needed to be stopped from bringing drugs into their house , and the man who raped his sister needed to be stopped from living . 
 marc opened his eyes to the sight of his white bedroom ceiling . 
 his mind began to ponder why the color white seemed so plain and boring . 
 he considered the possibility that , since writing paper was white , anything white appeared to be missing something . 
 he briefly debated with himself over whether to paint the ceiling a new color or to paint a picture on it . 
 he ultimately decided to do neither . 
 he sat up in his bed and rubbed his eyes . 
 he stretched his arms out wide a let out a slow yawn . 
 after relaxing his arms he stopped to wonder why people yawn after they 've had a good sleep . 
 people yawn when they 're tired , yet when he awoke , he felt well rested . 
 he thought that maybe yawning was his body 's way of helping him wake up . 
 that made sense to him . 
 he stood up and walked to his bedroom door . 
 while reaching for the doorknob , he could n't resist wondering why doors were rectangular . 
 they 're made for people to walk through , but people are n't shaped like rectangles . 
 it seemed so stupid to him . 
 after staring at the door for several minutes , he realized that human-shaped doors would be harder to cut . 
 he concluded that people who made doors were just lazy . 
 he did n't ask himself any questions on his way down the hall or the stairs . 
 instead he thought about breakfast . 
 he had his heart set on scrambled eggs , wheat toast , sausage links , and a big glass of fresh-squeezed orange juice . 
 he walked through the living room and into the kitchen . 
 there was a boy in the kitchen pointing a gun at him . 
 caleb found his sister 's jump rope that she got when she was three but never used , as she liked to ride her bike more than jump up and down ; she liked the wind in her face . 
 caleb waited in his brother 's room until he got home from buying drugs ; he never did anything useful with his time and caleb had to hide because his brother hated it when caleb was in his room . 
 caleb 's brother came into his room and sat down his bed , getting ready to do the drugs he brought home ; their parents did n't care what he did . 
 caleb ran out of the closet he was hiding in and wrapped the jump rope around his brother 's neck , pulling back and trying to stop him from breathing ; if he could n't breathe then he could n't smoke . 
 caleb did n't know if he killed his brother when he stopped fighting the jump rope because he might have just passed out even though caleb was choking him ; caleb did n't care , it would teach his brother to stop doing drugs in caleb 's house . 
 marc wondered why there was a boy in his kitchen . 
 the doors should all have been locked and a little boy had no business in his house . 
 the boy may have come in through the window but those were locked , too . 
 he knew the boy was small so maybe he crawled in through the dog door . 
 that seemed right to him . 
 he was confused as to why the boy had a gun . 
 boys have a lot of toys so it was probably a toy gun . 
 it did n't look like a toy but little boys had no use for guns . 
 the boy 's dad was probably a hunter and the boy was learning how to hunt . 
 that 's the only reason he would have a gun . 
 he did n't know why the boy was pointing it at him . 
 he thought about it , but he could n't think of a reason why the boy would want to point a gun at him . 
 if he was learning how to hunt , maybe the boy thought he was a deer . 
 that did n't make any sense . 
 caleb picked up one of his brother 's dumbbells , making sure he was strong enough to hold it and it was heavy enough for his parents ; he would n't have the chance to choke both of them . 
 caleb left his brother 's bedroom and snuck down the hall ; he knew parents were sleeping since they had to go work the next morning and their money was the only thing they really cared about . 
 caleb quietly opened their bedroom door and snuck over and onto their bed ; he would need to be in between them in order to hit both of them before they could stop him . 
 caleb looked at his father and felt only hate , as he did not see a family member that he loved ; he only loved his sister because she was the only one that loved him . 
 caleb hit his father with the dumbbell over and over again and when his mother woke up he hit her even more ; she was so mean to him when she beat him and made him feel horrible , unlike his father who just hit him . 
 caleb realized his mother was n't moving after he had hit her over and over for a few minutes ; he had to be sure she would n't wake up before he left . 
 caleb started to get off of the bed but he stopped when he heard his father moaning ; caleb must not have hit him enough times . 
 caleb went back and hit his father a few more times until he stopped moving because he could n't be awake either , as he surely would 've beat caleb again for hitting his mother . 
 caleb got off the bed and looked at his parents in their bloody bed ; they bled so much the sheet was almost completely red , which was good because now they would know they have to stop beating caleb . 
 marc really did n't know why the little boy was pointing a gun at him . 
 the boy was yelling at him that he had to stop , but he was n't doing anything . 
 he just wanted to eat breakfast . 
 he thought the boy wanted him to stop getting ready to eat but that did n't make sense . 
 then he thought the boy wanted him to stop walking through the house but that was n't right , either . 
 he did n't think the boy meant to stop breathing because everybody has to breathe . 
 he would die if he did n't . 
 that made him think the boy wanted him to stop living . 
 that was stupid . 
 little boys do n't want other people to stop living . 
 caleb got his parents ' gun from their closet after he moved a chair over to stand on ; his parents thought a box at the top of the closet was a good place to hide their gun , but caleb was smarter than them . 
 caleb walked down the road with the gun to his sister 's abuser 's house ; she knew who had done those horrible things to her and she told caleb it was the neighbor down the street . 
 caleb crawled into the man 's house through the dog door and waited in his kitchen ; caleb knew the man would go to the kitchen because people ate breakfast in the morning . 
 caleb had to wait a long time but he did n't care ; it did n't matter how long he had to wait to stop the man who raped his sister . 
 caleb finally saw the man come into the kitchen for breakfast , but he stopped walking when he saw caleb ; caleb was pointing the gun at him and caleb was going to stop him . 
 marc started thinking about the little girl he had the night before . 
 he missed her and wanted to see her again . 
 she was so sweet and innocent and he loved her so much for it . 
 a little boy was pointing a gun at him and he did n't want to die before he saw the girl again . 
 he remembered the girl said she had a brother who loved her more than anything in the world . 
 he had hit her to shut up . 
 he did n't want to hear about other people when he was with her . 
 he thought that maybe the boy was the girl 's brother . 
 that thought made more sense than anything else that morning . 
 caleb held his sister tight while she cried for her dead parents and brother ; she had discovered their bodies while caleb was gone . 
 caleb felt terrible for letting his sister find them like that because he knew it would hurt her a lot ; he meant to get home before she woke up . 
 caleb hugged her and kissed her and told her that he loved her and that everything would be okay ; caleb had made all the bad people stop . 
 dear missy , i still have n't heard from you . 
 i hope nothing happened to you . 
 i do n't know what i would do if i lost you . 
 i 've already lost too much . 
 the headaches wo n't stop . 
 i wanted to go to the market to get some medicine but i could n't find it . 
 the market was n't there . 
 it was just there the other day , but now there 's an empty lot . 
 they could n't tear down a whole market that fast , could they ? 
 the headaches are making it hard for me to concentrate . 
 writing does n't help with them anymore . 
 i have to fight through them to get the words down on paper . 
 i do n't want anyone to die . 
 people just keep dying in my head and in the stories . 
 no one ever died in my stories before . 
 did i tell you chuck almost died ? 
 a crazy man held him hostage with a gun and he almost shot chuck in the head . 
 i was really scared for him . 
 missy i do n't know why you wo n't write me back . 
 if something happened to you , you need to tell me . 
 james needs to tell me . 
 someone needs to . 
 i need to know . 
 i ca n't keep living up here if i do n't know what happened to you . 
 you 've been the one solid thing my entire life . 
 please do n't leave me now . 
 love , ken fire , 2 we drove to a supermarket to get food for the rest of the weekend . 
 on the ride , jake and cady kept mumbling about ice cream . 
 they were doing it for attention and they got it . 
 anna was laughing like it was funny . 
 we got to the market in a few minutes . 
 knowing how kids are when they go shopping , i feared for the worst . 
 unfortunately , my fears were justified . 
 we had n't been in the store for two minutes before jake and cady started messing up the shelves . 
 they were pulling items off and begging for them , even if they did n't like them . 
 alisa had to keep taking things away from them and returning them to the shelves . 
 anna and gary were n't paying any attention to them . 
 they were getting what they needed and were doing it slowly . 
 alisa was getting really frustrated with the kids . 
 after dealing with them through a couple aisles , she gave up . 
 she told me she wanted to look for stuff we could eat , so we left her family to search the other aisles . 
 she started complaining about how much she hated her brother and sister . 
 i could definitely relate . 
 i did n't have to live with them and i still felt hatred for them . 
 i told her that i did n't think it was completely their fault . 
 their parents were mainly to blame . 
 she agreed but said she still hated them . 
 we picked up some hamburger helper , macaroni and cheese , pickles , and applesauce . 
 we headed to the soda aisle to get orange soda and root beer -lrb- i already had mountain dew at the cabin -rrb- . 
 i set the bottles in the cart and looked up at alisa . 
 she was crying . 
 i asked her why she was crying and she hugged me . 
 she thanked me for being patient and told me she loved me more than anything . 
 i told her that i loved her , too . 
 she apologized again and i told her not to be sorry . 
 i told her , again , it was only three days . 
 alisa 's family came down the aisle we were in and anna was angry . 
 she started complaining , saying that the store 's manager told them to check out and leave immediately because jake and cady were causing problems with other customers . 
 she said it sarcastically as if it was unwarranted . 
 she called the manager an ass and said that he had no reason to talk to them like that . 
 alisa told her to shut up . 
 she told anna that the manager was right to do what he did . 
 anna started yelling at alisa , saying the same thing about respect that she said in the restaurant . 
 surprisingly , gary stepped in . 
 he told them to stop fighting before the manager called the police on them . 
 it was n't the intervention i had hoped for , but at least it shut anna up . 
 we checked out and left . 
 the car ride back to the cabin was relatively quiet . 
 jake and cady played the license plate game for a while before their meal set in and they fell asleep . 
 when we got back i helped alisa 's parents with the groceries while alisa got jake and cady into bed for a nap . 
 after everything was put away anna and gary went for a walk . 
 alisa and i lay down on the couch . 
 we had only intended to rest but we ended up falling asleep . 
 the dream about alisa and her friend came back to me . 
 it was cut short again but this time by anna . 
 she was yelling at alisa who was not lying with me anymore . 
 i had slept until dinnertime and anna was yelling at alisa because she did n't help make dinner . 
 alisa explained that she was sleeping and did n't even know anna was cooking , but anna did n't care . 
 she called alisa lazy . 
 alisa gave up on the argument and came back to sit with me . 
 i was not looking forward to dinner . 
 anna cooked steak , mashed potatoes , beans , and mixed vegetables . 
 i did n't like beans so i only put steak , mashed potatoes , and mixed vegetables on my plate . 
 that was a mistake . 
 anna asked me why i did n't take any beans and i told her i did n't like them . 
 she turned to alisa and asked her why she did n't tell her i did n't eat beans and that she could 've made something else instead . 
 i told her it was fine and she said it was n't , that alisa should 've told her . 
 alisa started arguing and they were yelling at each other . 
 my head was spinning and it hurt . 
 i lost it . 
 i screamed at anna to shut up . 
 everyone looked at me in shock . 
 i told her to leave alisa alone and that everything she blamed alisa for was her fault , not alisa 's . 
 i called her a bipolar bitch and said that she had no clue how to raise children and that she raised jake and cady to be terrors . 
 i told gary he was an idiot for being with her and an asshole for never defending alisa . 
 i told them that i wished i could take alisa away from them but that she was too stubborn to leave a family that did n't deserve her in the first place . 
 all that came out before i even realized i was yelling . 
 they were all staring at me in complete disbelief . 
 i took my plate , fork , and knife and locked myself in the bedroom . 
 astonishingly , no one came after me . 
 i heard no screaming . 
 i ate my food and sat quietly on the bed , waiting for something to happen . 
 alisa knocked on the door and asked to come in . 
 i let her in and she locked the door behind her . 
 she pushed me back on the bed and got on top of me . 
 i was extremely confused . 
 she told me that her parents were silent as they finished their food . 
 they put jake and cady to bed and went into their bedroom . 
 she said she was angry with me at first for yelling at her parents but when they did n't say anything , she was happy i did it . 
 my assertiveness turned her on . 
 she started kissing me and we ended up having sex before we fell asleep . 
 i was still confused . 
 i did n't dream . 
 i woke up feeling really warm . 
 i got out of bed and went to get a drink . 
 when i opened the bedroom door , i saw smoke . 
 the loft above the dining room was on fire . 
 i ran back into the bedroom and told alisa the cabin was on fire . 
 i told her to get jake and cady out and that i would get gary . 
 she ran to the kids ' bedroom and i ran to gary and anna 's . 
 gary was still sleeping but anna was n't there . 
 i shook gary and yelled at him to wake up . 
 i told him the cabin was on fire . 
 he asked about anna and i said she was already gone . 
 he ran out of the room and behind alisa , jake , and cady out of the cabin . 
 i was headed for the door when i noticed anna standing up in the loft facing the window . 
 she was surrounded by flames and blood was dripping from her wrists . 
 i called out to her but she did n't respond . 
 i ran up the wooden stairs to the loft but could only make it halfway because of the fire . 
 i called to her again and she looked at me . 
 her expression was cold and her eyes were glazed over . 
 i told her to get out of the fire and come with me . 
 she did n't move . 
 she told me everyone could be happy now . 
 she turned back to the window and her clothes caught on fire . 
 i ran down the stairs and out of the cabin . 
 they were asking me what happened to anna . 
 i could n't tell them . 
 i could n't say anything . 
 that was the last time i saw alisa . 
 dear missy , what was it like for you when mom died ? 
 you were old enough to remember her well . 
 i remember being sad and that i cried , but i did n't really understand what had happened . 
 i just knew mom was n't there anymore . 
 when i lost theresa i lost part of myself . 
 to see her lying there dead ... her blood should have been warm . 
 it was cold . 
 her blood was as cold as ice . 
 does that mean her heart was cold ? 
 i did n't know what to do with all the blood . 
 it was everywhere . 
 i made her look respectable for when the police came . 
 i never got to answer the question she asked me before she died . 
 she wanted to know why i never introduced her to dad . 
 he did n't deserve to know her . 
 he did n't deserve to know anyone . 
 i do n't deal too well with loss . 
 i think growing up without mom affected me more than i thought . 
 growing up with dad i had a lot of emotions inside that i never let out . 
 he always made me feel guilty for anything bad that happened . 
 no matter what he did , he made me feel like it was my fault . 
 it probably did some damage letting all of that build up but i think i handled it well . 
 the violent urges never lasted that long and i kept them under control . 
 my headaches started when theresa died . 
 i did n't realize that until just now . 
 i should probably see a doctor about it . 
 i asked a police officer in town to see if you were okay . 
 he said he would contact the police in your area . 
 i 'm probably overreacting . 
 i bet they just made a mistake at the post office . 
 i 'll check there tomorrow . 
 write back soon . 
 love , ken fallout , 4 chuck walked into the house and shouted , `` moving time ! '' 
 he checked his chart and saw that it was the home of felix robinson . 
 `` mr. robinson , '' chuck yelled again , `` it 's time to move ! '' 
 felix did not respond . 
 chuck started looking for him , and found him lying in his bed with a small bottle in his hand , watching a black-and-white movie . 
 felix was an old friend of chuck 's . 
 they had worked together at the relocation office when chuck was in his early twenties . 
 lying in his bed , felix was middle-aged , and he had long since left the relocation office . 
 upon chuck 's entry into his room , felix said , `` you know , chuck ? '' 
 `` what , felix ? '' 
 chuck responded sarcastically . 
 after swallowing some of the salt-like contents of the bottle , felix said , `` i 've moved over thirty times since i left ro . 
 look at me . '' 
 chuck looked at felix 's red face and blotchy chest . 
 `` i 'm tired , chuck . 
 i 'm sick and i 'm tired . 
 i do n't want to move anymore . '' 
 `` felix , '' chuck started , `` you know what will happen if you do n't . '' 
 felix replied , `` i know , chuck . 
 i 'll refuse , you 'll insist . 
 when i refuse again , you 'll plead with me . 
 then you 'll use force . 
 if i fight back , the enforcers come in and shoot me with their tranquilizers . '' 
 chuck remained silent . 
 `` things have n't changed much , have they , chuck ? '' 
 `` you have to move , felix , '' chuck said to his friend . 
 of all the people he moved , felix was the last one chuck wanted to see tranquilized . 
 `` i wo n't , chuck . 
 i ca n't . 
 please , leave now . 
 let me watch my movie . '' 
 felix turned to face the television , pouring more salt into his mouth . 
 `` felix , '' chuck said , `` you know how important it is to keep order . '' 
 he swallowed then replied , `` what is order , chuck ? 
 shuffling people from home to home every six months against their will ? 
 ruining people 's lives on a biannual basis ? '' 
 `` we have to do this , felix . 
 you know that better than anyone . '' 
 `` there could 've been a better way , '' felix argued . 
 `` it 's too late now , but there could 've been a better way . '' 
 chuck hesitated . 
 felix was right , but chuck was n't ready for another fight . 
 `` it 's all for the best , felix . '' 
 felix said dryly , `` if that 's what helps you sleep at night , keep believing it . '' 
 after a few seconds of silence , chuck said , `` we need to move you , felix . '' 
 `` have you ever seen this movie ? '' 
 felix asked chuck . 
 he looked at the screen , but chuck did not recognize the movie . 
 chuck simply said , `` no . '' 
 `` a knight plays chess with death and loses . 
 it does n't end that way , but i like to think that checkmate was the true ending . 
 that 's how life is , chuck . 
 we 're all playing one big chess game with death . 
 i 've been playing without my queen , and death will surely win . '' 
 he looked at the bottle and shook the salt around . 
 `` felix , '' chuck said , `` stop talking like that . 
 you have plenty of your life left . '' 
 chuck was becoming curious about the salty substance felix was eating . 
 `` do i ? '' 
 he replied . 
 `` my life was with cari . 
 i went to work and came home to her love . 
 that was life for me , chuck . '' 
 `` cari would n't want you to give up on life , felix . '' 
 felix became angry but remained in his bed , `` how the hell do you know what cari wants ? 
 you never knew her , chuck . 
 do n't pretend that you did . '' 
 `` i knew you , felix , and if she was anything like you , she would want you to keep moving and keep doing what you can to enjoy your life . '' 
 felix calmed down , and said , `` enjoy my life , chuck ? 
 i 'm rotting away in this bed . 
 how can i enjoy that ? '' 
 chuck did not have an answer . 
 `` what about your wife , chuck ? '' 
 `` what about susie , felix ? '' 
 `` is she still alive ? '' 
 felix asked . 
 `` very much so , '' chuck replied . 
 `` you 're lucky , chuck . 
 susie 's beautiful . 
 as much as i loved cari , even she was n't as beautiful as your susie . '' 
 chuck was getting impatient , `` felix , you need to stop this . 
 stop playing this game with me . 
 i ca n't let you disrupt order . '' 
 `` chuck , just watch this , '' felix said , pointing to the television screen . 
 chuck looked over and saw the knight playing against death . 
 felix ate some more salt then said , `` you just made a move , chuck , but it was n't a good one . 
 you 're trying to keep your pawns out front to protect your king and his family . 
 you 've already lost your knights , and your king is vulnerable . 
 even your wall of pawns ca n't stop death . 
 he 'll break through , chuck . 
 give him time . '' 
 chuck decided to ask , `` what was your wrong move , felix ? '' 
 felix did not answer for a few seconds . 
 he set the bottle down on the table next to him . 
 when he did reply , he said , `` i did n't move my queen out of the way when i had the chance . 
 death took her . '' 
 `` i 'm sure cari will forgive you , felix . '' 
 `` will she ? '' 
 he replied . 
 `` would you ? 
 i would n't forgive myself . '' 
 `` it was n't your fault , felix , you were doing your job . '' 
 felix was getting emotional as he said , `` and since when does a job come before love and family , chuck ? 
 is that how you run your life ? 
 then i hope susie gets out while she can . '' 
 chuck said , `` the job is the most important thing for them , felix . 
 it was for cari and it is for susie . 
 we have to keep them safe . '' 
 he was n't sure he believed his own words . 
 `` so much good it did for cari , '' felix said . 
 it was chuck 's turn to get angry , `` cari would 've been fine , felix . 
 they messed up the scheduling for her . '' 
 `` and i stood by them when they told her she would be moved as soon as possible , '' felix shouted . 
 `` i should 've told them to move her right away . 
 i let her down , chuck . 
 do n't let susie down . 
 she 's too beautiful to look like this . '' 
 chuck 's anger turned into sympathy and concern . 
 he asked felix , `` why did n't you accept treatment ? '' 
 `` it only has a forty percent success rate , '' felix replied . 
 `` besides , i did n't deserve it . '' 
 `` you need to stop beating yourself up for it , felix . 
 it was n't your fault . '' 
 `` how , chuck ? 
 i let her live there for another month . 
 i let her stay in that nuclear pit . 
 i let her spend thirty days in the most radioactive ground zero we had ever seen . '' 
 chuck tried to explain , `` you were following orders . 
 if you had n't listened to them , they would 've tranquilized both of you . 
 you would 've been fired , and you would 've been living in shitty houses for the rest of your lives . 
 you did what you thought was best for cari . '' 
 `` or did i do what was easiest for me ? '' 
 felix asked . 
 `` if i had refused , we would still be together . 
 that would 've been enough for us . 
 we did n't need the big houses and all the money . 
 we only needed each other . 
 i failed her , chuck . '' 
 felix picked the bottle back up and poured more salt into his mouth . 
 chuck wanted to help his friend . 
 he knew there was nothing he could do , but he decided to try anyway . 
 `` success rates have improved , felix . 
 they 're past fifty percent . 
 take the treatment . 
 we 'll move you to a church community . 
 cari can hear your prayers , felix . 
 she 'll forgive you . '' 
 felix was shaking his head . 
 `` you believe that bullshit , chuck ? '' 
 `` what bullshit ? '' 
 chuck asked . 
 `` you believe in god and heaven and angels ? '' 
 `` yes , '' chuck said . 
 `` i always have . '' 
 felix replied , `` wish i did . '' 
 `` come on , felix , '' chuck urged . 
 `` let 's move you , get you that treatment . '' 
 `` i already told you , chuck . 
 i 'm not going . '' 
 `` felix , '' chuck said , `` please . 
 i do n't want the enforcers to come in . '' 
 `` they wo n't , '' felix stated . 
 chuck asked , `` why not ? '' 
 `` did you ever find out why i was fired from my last job ? '' 
 `` you mean the laboratory job ? '' 
 felix nodded his head . 
 chuck said , `` you stole from them . '' 
 `` they never told you , '' felix said , `` what i stole from them , did they ? '' 
 `` no , '' chuck said . 
 felix held the bottle up and looked at it . 
 he asked , `` do you know what this is , chuck ? '' 
 `` no , '' he replied again . 
 he was anxious to find out . 
 felix said , `` i stole this bottle of pure potassium cyanide . '' 
 chuck grew fearful . 
 felix had been swallowing the poison throughout the entire conversation . 
 `` that was almost ten years ago , felix . '' 
 `` i know , '' he replied . 
 `` i took it just in case i ever needed it . '' 
 in a panic , chuck asked , `` and you think you need it now ? '' 
 felix could sense chuck 's panic . 
 `` are you afraid of me , chuck ? '' 
 `` felix , '' chuck pleaded . 
 felix chuckled and said , `` do n't worry , i 'm not gon na throw it at you or anything . 
 i 'm not a murderer . 
 i did n't kill cari on purpose . '' 
 `` you did n't kill her at all , felix . '' 
 he replied , `` i might as well have . '' 
 `` felix , '' chuck said , `` come on . 
 just move on . '' 
 `` if you 're right , i will , '' felix said . 
 `` where do you think i 'll go , chuck ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 felix explained , `` heaven or hell ? 
 suicide is a mortal sin , is n't it ? '' 
 chuck was horrified . 
 `` felix , stop this . '' 
 the bottle was still half full . 
 `` you could stop me , chuck . 
 bring in the enforcement officers . 
 tranquilize me . 
 move me . '' 
 `` i do n't want to do that to you , felix . 
 you 're my friend . '' 
 `` you were my friend , '' felix said . 
 `` you have n't called me in years . 
 do n't try to use our past friendship as an excuse for your cowardice . '' 
 chuck stepped closer to the bed , pleading with felix , `` do n't do this . 
 you still have the rest of your life to live . '' 
 `` no , i do n't , chuck . 
 that 's where you 're wrong . 
 protect your queen , old friend . 
 this is checkmate for me . '' 
 felix poured all of the poison into his mouth and took a hard swallow . 
 `` felix ! '' 
 chuck screamed . 
 tears started pouring from his eyes . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he got on the bed and started shaking felix . 
 `` felix , come back ! 
 do n't do this ! 
 felix ! '' 
 chuck was hysterical . 
 the enforcement officers rushed into the room . 
 chuck stumbled back off of felix and the bed . 
 one of the enforcers called for the medical officers to come in . 
 chuck stared at felix 's body in horror as it started to convulse in violent seizures . 
 he put his hands on his head and pulled at his hair , screaming for felix to stop killing himself . 
 chuck collapsed to his knees and wept . 
 the medical officers rushed felix 's body out of the room , and the enforcement officers left as well . 
 they would remain outside the house until chuck came out . 
 chuck , however , was left alone . 
 the past few moments seemed non-existent as he saw the empty bed and the empty room . 
 as the movie rolled on in the background , chuck heard , `` our crusade was so stupid that only an idealist could have thought it up . '' 
 chuck stood up . 
 he walked over to the television and shut it off . 
 he stood there in silence for a moment , then turned and left the room . 
 he walked out of felix 's house , joined his aro , and started the next move . 
 dear missy , the man at the post office said all my letters made it out and the police officer said they could n't find you . 
 missy , what happened ? 
 where did you go ? 
 i need you . 
 i can barely think with how bad my headache is . 
 mom 's gone , theresa 's gone , you 're gone . 
 even felix is gone now . 
 he killed himself , missy . 
 why would anyone do that ? 
 why would he hurt chuck like that ? 
 that 's not what you did , is it ? 
 no , they would 've found james or the girls . 
 if i do n't hear from you after this i 'm going to have to come find you . 
 i do n't know if i 'm ready to come home but i need to know that you 're safe . 
 i hope you did n't go to dad 's . 
 the girls should n't be there . 
 he does n't deserve to be anywhere near them . 
 if you went there , please go home . 
 i hope i hear from you soon . 
 love , ken monsters , 4 when teddy woke up he saw hid dad standing over him . 
 he was shaking teddy and telling him to wake up . 
 when teddy did wake up , his dad hugged him tight . 
 teddy passed out again . 
 he woke up in a hospital bed . 
 his mom was sitting right next to him and she hugged him when he woke up . 
 she said `` i love you '' and he said `` i love you too . '' 
 teddy asked where his dad was and his mom said he was on the phone with work . 
 a monster came in the room . 
 teddy was tired of fighting . 
 before the monster got to him , teddy 's mom got up and stood in front of it . 
 she asked for a nurse . 
 the monster left and a nurse came in . 
 she asked teddy how he was feeling and he said everything hurt . 
 the nurse said they were going to help him feel better . 
 she asked him if he wanted anything to eat and he asked for cheerios . 
 she said she would bring them to teddy . 
 later , the doctor teddy met before came in the room and started asking him questions about the monsters . 
 he could n't answer them . 
 she told teddy that they knew who the monsters were now . 
 teddy was surprised . 
 he asked her how . 
 she told teddy they knew that some men had hurt him . 
 teddy said they were n't men , they were monsters . 
 the doctor asked how long monsters had been hurting him . 
 since she already knew the monsters hurt him , he decided to answer her . 
 teddy told the doctor the monsters had been hurting him his whole life . 
 teddy 's mom started crying . 
 teddy was tired . 
 he asked if he could go to sleep . 
 teddy 's mom nodded her head . 
 she kissed him and he went to sleep . 
 the next day police officers came to talk to teddy . 
 they asked him more questions about the monsters in the trees . 
 teddy did n't tell them much because he did n't know much . 
 he told them there were a lot of monsters and that they hurt him for a long time . 
 the police officers asked teddy about monsters that had hurt him before . 
 teddy could n't remember a lot about them . 
 he remembered the pain . 
 after teddy had told the police officers everything he knew and remembered , they asked teddy 's mom where his dad was . 
 she said he was on the phone with work again . 
 teddy 's mom hugged him and kissed him again . 
 teddy asked when he could go home . 
 his mom told him soon . 
 teddy 's dad was n't in the car when his mom drove him home . 
 he asked where his dad was and she said he had something to do at work . 
 she told teddy he would be home when they got there . 
 when he walked in the door , teddy ran to his father and hugged him . 
 teddy asked his dad why he was n't in the hospital with him . 
 his dad apologized and said he had things to take care of with work . 
 teddy hugged him again . 
 teddy 's mom said that she had to go to work but she wanted to stay with teddy . 
 teddy 's dad told her not to worry , that he would take care of teddy . 
 she hugged teddy and said `` i love you . '' 
 she went to work . 
 teddy 's dad made them lunch . 
 they ate peanut butter and jelly sandwiches together . 
 teddy 's dad let him eat some extra peanut butter out of the jar . 
 they sat in the living room to watch cartoons and teddy 's dad brought him milk and cookies . 
 they watched a lot of cartoons . 
 teddy loved spending time with his dad . 
 for a while he forgot about the monsters . 
 they went outside and played catch . 
 seeing the trees scared teddy for a minute , but his dad being there made him feel safe . 
 after playing catch they played on the swing set . 
 teddy 's dad pushed him higher and higher . 
 teddy was having a lot of fun . 
 as they were going back into the house , teddy heard a noise from the tress . 
 he got scared again , but his dad said it was probably an animal . 
 that made teddy feel better . 
 they watched more cartoons together and teddy fell asleep with his dad on the couch . 
 the doorbell ringing woke him up . 
 teddy 's dad told him to go lay in his parents ' bed so he could finish his nap . 
 teddy went into his parents ' room and got in their bed . 
 he pulled the blanket up over him and closed his eyes . 
 he felt so safe in their bed with his dad taking care of him . 
 he knew as long as he was with his dad the monsters could n't get him . 
 teddy cleared his mind and started to fall asleep . 
 then the bedroom door opened . 
 teddy thought it was his dad so he did n't look up . 
 teddy thought he was having a nightmare because he heard the light monster say his name . 
 he opened his eyes and it was standing next to the bed . 
 teddy was scared and confused . 
 the monsters could n't get him in his parents ' bed . 
 teddy screamed for his dad to come in . 
 he knew his dad would protect him . 
 the monster was n't doing anything but teddy kept screaming . 
 finally , teddy 's dad came in the room . 
 he asked his dad to stop the monster . 
 he told teddy that the monster was n't a monster , that it was his friend from work . 
 then teddy 's dad turned into a monster . 
 dear missy , the headaches stopped . 
 my head is n't jumbled anymore . 
 my mind is finally clear . 
 i 've finished my stories and i think i 'm ready to leave . 
 i just wish theresa were there for me to come home to . 
 i should 've saved her . 
 she was dying in front of me and i just watched . 
 i saw her bleed and choke and i did nothing . 
 i do n't remember what i did with the knife . 
 maybe i should try to find it . 
 i 'm happy you 're okay . 
 thank you for finally writing back to me . 
 i was worried i might never hear from you again . 
 the girls are finally starting kindergarten . 
 they 'll love going to school . 
 teddy just started going . 
 he was scared at first because of the monsters but he ended up liking it . 
 why did his dad have to ruin everything ? 
 teddy was such a happy boy when the monsters left him alone . 
 he was never the same after his dad became a monster . 
 was dad ever a monster to you ? 
 no , he loved you too much . 
 i do n't know what i did to make him not love me anymore . 
 my headache just came back . 
 it 's really bad . 
 i feel dizzy . 
 missy , i do n't think i 'll be able to come home . 
 no matter what i do , the headaches come back . 
 i 've lost mom , i 've lost theresa , and now i 'm losing myself . 
 i know how felix felt . 
 he lost his wife a long time ago and the world around him seemed so dark . 
 tell the girls i love them . 
 hug them and kiss them for me . 
 live your life with james and do n't leave any regrets . 
 i should find out how teddy is . 
 he was n't doing well the last time i checked . 
 i think i remember what i did with that knife . 
 i love you , missy . 
 love , ken afterword from editor bryan batcher i met kenneth rines shortly after i left high school . 
 it was a chance meeting that changed my life . 
 i was at my local department of motor vehicles waiting to renew my driver 's license in a room full of people . 
 while i was waiting , a man sat down next to me with a clipboard . 
 i assumed it was dmv paperwork but when i glanced at it -lrb- i 'm kind of nosy -rrb- , i saw the scribblings of a short story . 
 without realizing , i started reading it quite rudely and quite noticeably . 
 i 'm an aspiring writer myself and had , in fact , written a short novel in high school that i still hope to edit and publish someday . 
 so , i was intrigued to meet a fellow writer . 
 i apologized for reading over his shoulder but he said he did n't mind . 
 he handed me the clipboard and let me read what he had written so far . 
 it was good . 
 i asked his name but i had never heard of him . 
 he told me he wrote for himself and had n't published any of his work . 
 this also intrigued me , as publishing is all i have ever been able to think of . 
 i want people to read my work and feel the way i feel when i read robert cormier , lois lowry , and k. a. applegate . 
 ken did n't care . 
 he wrote because it made him feel good . 
 we traded email addresses and kept in touch . 
 we shared our work with each other and i got some helpful criticism from him . 
 i tried to get him to publish his stories because they were just so brilliant , but he always refused . 
 i did n't understand it , but i respected it . 
 it was the mutual respect that we did have for each other that eventually turned into an intimate friendship . 
 i confided in him for almost everything , whether it was my writing , school , work , or my personal life . 
 his wife and my girlfriend would sometimes get jealous of how close we were . 
 there were things i would share with ken that i would never think of telling my girlfriend . 
 before this gets too `` bro-mantic '' -lrb- i really hope i used that neologism correctly -rrb- , we were not lovers . 
 we were just as close as best friends can be . 
 when ken 's wife theresa died , things changed . 
 he became distant and was reluctant to interact with anyone , including me . 
 i was hurt , but i understood . 
 he was going through an unimaginable tragedy . 
 i did n't hear from him after he moved to the cabin . 
 he emailed me to tell me he was going there and that was the last i heard from him . 
 about three months later i got a call from the police . 
 they told me ken had been found dead in his cabin . 
 it was suicide . 
 i could n't believe it . 
 honestly , i still ca n't . 
 even as i type these words , i 'm still waiting to get an email from him . 
 i think i drove my wife insane with my grief . 
 they let me go to the cabin to gather his things since i was the closest thing he had to family . 
 confused ? 
 so was i. i found a pile of papers sitting on his desk . 
 it was a collection of different stories and letters to his sister missy . 
 there were two problems with that : 1 . 
 the letters were never sent , and 2 . 
 ken did n't have a sister named missy . 
 ken did n't have any siblings . 
 his mother died when he was young and he was raised by his father . 
 i thought that maybe he just did n't tell me he had a sister , so i checked it out . 
 she did n't exist . 
 when i took the time to read everything , i was even more confused . 
 he had never said a single bad thing about his childhood . 
 i do n't know how many times i read those stories and letters . 
 i was looking for something , anything really , to help me figure out what had happened to him . 
 i made some calls -lrb- a lot of calls , actually -rrb- to try to find information about ken 's childhood . 
 there had been reports of abuse from his father but nothing was ever confirmed . 
 his mother 's death was shrouded in mystery . 
 there was suspicion of homicide but no evidence . 
 that was when things started to make sense . 
 theresa 's death was also mysterious . 
 ken swore it was suicide and i believed him . 
 he was my best friend and i took his word for it . 
 now , after reading his stories and letters , i believe he killed her . 
 he grew up without a mother and being abused by his father . 
 there 's no telling what his mental state was as an adult . 
 when ken went to the cabin he created a new life for himself . 
 i think missy was supposed to replace his mother . 
 he lost her when he was young and he had wanted her back ever since . 
 james was the father he always wanted : a good man who cared about his family and treated them right . 
 belle and tammi represented the childhood he wished he 'd had . 
 the stories he wrote alongside those letters were all about him . 
 teddy was ken as a child , felix was ken as an adult , and i think the death of anna was how he saw the death of theresa . 
 he wrote himself into every aspect of his stories and wrote everyone else into letters . 
 i say all this like i 'm writing a story . 
 i guess it 's because that 's just how i write . 
 i was horrified by these revelations . 
 the man i called my best friend was suffering so badly inside and i never even knew it . 
 i did n't want to believe it but the evidence was right there on paper . 
 through all my grief and confusion i realized something else . 
 ken was a more brilliant writer than i ever knew . 
 the stories he wrote at the cabin blew me away . 
 he would hate me if he knew i was publishing them but the world needs to read his work . 
 they need to know his story . 
 it 's a sad and tragic story , but it 's too enticing and intriguing not to tell . 
 i put the stories and letters in the order i think he wrote them . 
 the pile on the desk was organized but there were other papers scattered throughout the cabin . 
 i hope his work can inspire others as it has inspired me . 
 at the same time , i hope it serves as a cautionary tale for people who are suffering inside . 
 it 's okay to ask for help . 
 after everything -- after all the grieving , the confusion , the reading , the acceptance -- even after preparing ken 's story for publishing , i was left with a nagging question : where was i in all of this ? 
 no one was closer to ken than i was , but i was n't part of his ideal family . 
 it was n't until i proofread the book one last time that i figured it out . 
 i was n't in his ideal family because i was in the stories . 
 in everything ken wrote , i was right there with him . 
 when he was trying to figure himself out by writing , i was part of that . 
 i was part of him . 
 i was billy : teddy 's friend who was there but had no idea what teddy was going through . 
 i was the bank customer 's wife : his companion during a time when he needed one the most . 
 i was the woman who forgot her purse in the church : ken was always looking out for me . 
 i was cyril myer : ken knew i was always with him no matter where he was or what he was doing . 
 i was caleb 's sister 's friend : a safe place that was there but that was never fully reached . 
 i was alisa : devoted to him and reliant on him through everything . 
 most importantly , i was chuck . 
 in `` fallout , '' ken put me in the main role . 
 he showed me on a quest to help people and in the end i tried , but failed , to help him . 
 chuck did n't know what felix was going through just as i never knew what ken was going through . 
 kenneth rines was my best friend . 
 he was a brilliant and intelligent writer and my inspiration to keep writing . 
 i hope his readers will appreciate his stories as i have and i hope his story will touch them in some way . 
 i miss him more everyday and i would give anything to have him back in my life . 
 - bryan batcher 
