 the owner , an albert pabek thriller shane simpson copyright shane simpson 2013 published at smashwords the owner an albert pabek thriller book 1 by shane simpson © 2013 shane simpson books publisher@shanesimpsonbooks.com this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , businesses , places , events , and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , or actual events is purely coincidental . 
 the owner copyright © 2013 by shane simpson all rights reserved . 
 in accordance with the u.s. copyright act of 1976 , the scanning , uploading , and electronic sharing of any part of this book without the permission of the publisher constitute unlawful piracy and theft of the author 's intellectual property . 
 if you would like to use material from the book -lrb- other than for review purposes -rrb- , prior written permission must be obtained by contacting the publisher at publisher@shanesimpsonbooks.com . 
 shane simpson books publisher@shanesimpsonbooks.com follow shane : www.shanesimpsonbooks.com www.albertpabek.com twitter.com/shanesimpson_ facebook.com/shanesimpsonbooks first edition : september 2013 isbn : 978-0-9899836-0-0 for my family ... and , a special thank you to my editor a.s. morgan chapter 1 `` call elizabeth , now ! '' 
 karl remons barked . 
 his loud voice , animated arms , and red face were on full display . 
 the other drivers around him were laughing and pointing at the sight of a wealthy man , in an expensive car , stuck in traffic ; he was just like them . 
 in a sexy , womanly voice , the 911 turbo s responded , `` i am sorry , mr. remons . 
 i do not have a number for elizabeth now . 
 would you like to add a number to my directory ? '' 
 already in a rage , the car 's mistake sent him into the stratosphere . 
 pounding the steering wheel , with both hands , he screamed , `` call elizabeth ! '' 
 the womanly voice replied , `` one moment , mr. remons . '' 
 elizabeth heard the phone ; it was one of three stationed around her desk . 
 the mobile phone featured a unique ringtone . 
 it was the leash her master used to keep her constantly under control ; it was a line dedicated exclusively to karl remons . 
 she grabbed the phone , careful to hold it away from her ear . 
 pressing the accept call icon , she timidly answered , `` yes , mr. remons ? '' 
 `` damn it , elizabeth ! 
 why is this idiotic car always making mistakes dialing phone numbers ? 
 did n't i tell you to get it fixed ? 
 how can i spend $ 200,000 and still have a stupid car ? 
 it is more stupid than all the people around me on the road today ! 
 why did n't you warn me about this traffic jam ? 
 everyone is so incompetent ! '' 
 elizabeth kept trying to interject , but it was futile . 
 remons was furious . 
 to those working for him , this was nothing unusual . 
 he seemed to possess an endless supply of anger and hatred ; his subordinates were always on edge and awaiting the next unprovoked attack . 
 at the moment , remons ' anger was directed at a traffic jam on the five . 
 it was the morning rush hour . 
 all northbound lanes of interstate 5 were stopped . 
 remons was ten miles from his downtown san francisco office . 
 usually , he commuted via helicopter . 
 he lived on a multi-acre monterrey estate overlooking the pacific ocean . 
 today , he had opted to drive -- he had a new porsche . 
 the car generated 560 horsepower and could reach a top speed of 197 miles per hour . 
 elizabeth rarely received a pleasant phone call from karl remons . 
 the reasons for him calling were mostly unpredictable . 
 he called anytime he wished -- day or night . 
 his problem may be something simple and easy for her to resolve . 
 on the other hand , it could be something not so simple ; like today . 
 remons finally paused a split second . 
 elizabeth was able to get out a sentence . 
 she said , `` there was a three car accident two miles ahead of you . 
 a toddler was thrown from one vehicle and died . '' 
 although seemingly impossible , remons went more ballistic . 
 `` what the hell does that have to do with me ? 
 i do n't know that baby ! 
 i 'm not in the wreck ! 
 get me out of this traffic jam ! 
 now !!! 
 people die every -- '' she tried interrupting . 
 `` sir , i th -- '' remons screamed , `` do n't you ever interrupt me ! '' 
 then he continued ranting . 
 `` this car was not designed for sitting idle , in a traffic jam , with mini-vans , electric cars , and work trucks ! 
 i do n't want to be here ! 
 you do something , right now , elizabeth ! 
 are you listening ? '' 
 elizabeth williams did not deserve this treatment . 
 no one did . 
 nevertheless , she had tolerated the abuse for eight years . 
 her title was executive assistant to mr. karl remons , chairman of remons global . 
 the job only sounded fancy because of its title . 
 it was not . 
 in reality , she was only one of his slaves , and always available to tolerate his daily abuse . 
 money was not the reason she stayed at remons global , although he paid her two times the going rate of any other employer . 
 she stayed because she could not leave . 
 no one voluntarily left remons global . 
 remons was vindictive . 
 he was malicious . 
 he did not care who was harmed in his relentless pursuits of more power , more money , and more possessions . 
 were she to quit , elizabeth 's life , and that of her family , would be destroyed . 
 `` elizabeth ! '' 
 remons bellowed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir , '' elizabeth replied . 
 `` sir ... ... hear me ? '' 
 this was one of her favorite ways to shut him up -- the bad connection act . 
 remons said , `` your phone is breaking up ! 
 get it fixed . 
 get me out of this problem ! '' 
 elizabeth had already found a solution , regardless of how stupid it sounded . 
 in a soothing voice , she said , `` mr. remons , i 'm so sorry this has happened to you . 
 i will fix this . 
 i have texted your location to our helicopter pilot . 
 he will bring a mechanic . 
 the mechanic will stay with your car . 
 the mechanic w -- '' `` elizabeth ! '' 
 remons interrupted . 
 `` i do n't want a mechanic in my car ! 
 this is a $ 200,000 racing machine . 
 it is a precision instrument ! 
 it is n't some old broken down truck ! 
 get the hangar manager to ride with the pilot ; he can drive my car to the office . 
 and , tell him to put on clean clothes before he gets here ! '' 
 then , he added , `` i want them here in ten minutes or everyone is fired ! 
 is that understood ? '' 
 `` yes , mr. remons , '' elizabeth replied . 
 `` i just sent the message -- ten minutes or fired . '' 
 she looked at the call ended message on her phone . 
 she said aloud , `` thank you ! '' 
 elizabeth had not yet sent the flight instructions . 
 she texted the pilot , and asked his location . 
 he was in monterrey , with the helicopter , waiting for remons at the estate . 
 remons had left in the porsche that morning , without telling the helicopter pilot . 
 elizabeth sent his new instructions . 
 it would take at least thirty minutes for the helicopter to reach remons on the freeway . 
 most likely , the traffic jam would be cleared before the helicopter reached him . 
 he would forget about the pending arrival of the helicopter , and instead blast off in the car , focusing on his next fit of rage . 
 chapter 2 it was 8:12 am , on the first day of summer . 
 the wind was relentless . 
 it was the seventh day albert had endured force 6 winds . 
 the aluminum sloop was doing the hard work of powering forward through the wind and waves . 
 nonetheless , albert was tired from the rough and rolling seas . 
 at last , he spotted a reprieve revealing itself on the horizon . 
 he could see the faint outline of the golden gate bridge . 
 it stood majestically above the surface of the pacific waters , glowing a bright reddish-orange hue , the sun rising behind to provide a picturesque backdrop . 
 the gps alarm sounded ; they were approaching the five-mile marker . 
 albert reached to the overhead console , turned up the volume on the vhf radio , and confirmed it was set to channel 16 . 
 removing the handheld microphone from its clip , he pressed the talk button . 
 `` pier marina , pier marina , pier marina , this is the sailing vessel teleport . 
 over , '' he said . 
 the pier marina harbormaster 's voice filled the air around albert . 
 `` this is pier marina back to the vessel calling . 
 please acknowledge and switch and answer channel 68 -- repeat channel six eight . 
 over . '' 
 albert keyed the microphone again . 
 `` six eight over . '' 
 he reached to the overhead radio and changed to channel 68 . 
 `` harbormaster , this is teleport . '' 
 now off channel 16 , the conversation could be less formal . 
 the harbormaster replied , `` good morning , teleport . 
 this is pier marina . 
 what can i help you with today ? '' 
 albert replied , `` good morning to you , also . 
 it 's a brisk sunrise out here . 
 we are in open water and approaching from the north . 
 approximately five miles out . 
 requesting a deep draft slip for arrival within the hour . 
 teleport is a sixty foot , repeat six zero foot , sloop . 
 we are drafting eight feet and carrying a fourteen , repeat one four , foot beam . '' 
 `` roger that , teleport , '' the harbormaster replied . 
 `` are you familiar with the marina and prevailing currents ? 
 would you like a pilot sent out for assistance ? '' 
 `` thanks , but i can handle without assistance , '' replied albert . 
 saying , as almost an afterthought , `` is the end of dock 14 available ? '' 
 albert was always prepared . 
 he knew where he wanted to dock his vessel . 
 the end of dock 14 provided the best location for a quick exit , were it to later become necessary . 
 `` you 're in luck , teleport , '' replied the harbormaster . 
 `` the berth is open . 
 please proceed . 
 following docking , please check in with the office immediately . 
 will you require us immigration and customs clearance ? '' 
 albert carefully responded , `` no , not necessary today . 
 i 'm arriving from seattle , washington . 
 over and out . '' 
 while technically true , he had made one stop , in santa cruz , california , just a few hours earlier . 
 albert had no interest in sharing that minor detail with the harbormaster , or homeland security for that matter . 
 he placed the microphone in its overhead retainer and switched the vhf back to channel 16 . 
 albert needed to finish his arrival checklist . 
 on the console , he depressed and held the buttons , main-furl and headsail-furl . 
 electric motors began turning . 
 the main sail and genoa sail responded , rolling themselves into their stored positions . 
 as the genoa was furling , albert depressed the button , headsail-starboard-ease , releasing the tension on the sheet attached to the genoa 's clew . 
 he started the diesel engines , a pair of perkins m150 ti engines ; each generating 150 horsepower . 
 a few months earlier , he had named them the perkins brothers . 
 he loved to hear the rumbling sounds emanating from the twin diesels , particularly following several days of silent sailing at sea . 
 they reminded him of his family , friends , and the motor city . 
 his right hand on the engine controls , albert pushed the port and starboard levers forward . 
 the transmissions engaged and the throttles increased fuel and airflow to the engines . 
 he positioned the throttles at 1,200 revolutions per minute , or rpms . 
 teleport responded , accelerating to a speed of twelve knots per hour . 
 albert rested his hands on the large stainless steel wheel . 
 the edson five-spoke wheel was thirty inches in diameter and controlled two spade rudders , each positioned on opposite sides of the stern , aft of the variable pitch propellers located aft of the centerline deep fin keel . 
 he was fully surrounded by reinforced glass ; the glass encased in a custom aluminum , sleek design frame that provided the structural integrity necessary for the command center . 
 albert had designed the bridge to maximize helm position views . 
 he could look in any direction and have an unobstructed view of the outside surroundings . 
 he was standing in the cockpit , otherwise called the bridge . 
 its floor was nearly two feet lower than the outside perimeter deck . 
 the sliding bridge doors , one to his left and one to his right , were both closed . 
 from the comfort of the enclosed bridge , albert had watched throughout the night , as strong , cold winds blew through the sails . 
 it had been a long night at sea . 
 periodically , the bow of the ship would nose through a series of oversized waves . 
 saltwater would crash over the bow , and the cold , pacific waters would rush down both sides of the deck , past the bridge , and return to the sea . 
 from a bird 's eye view , over the previous night , albert may have looked like the commander of some intense secret military project . 
 a shadowy figure , standing at the helm , silhouetted by the soft glow of pale yellows , greens , and blues shining around him . 
 he surveyed the lower instrument panel ; it spanned almost eight feet . 
 the lower panel , like a car dashboard , featured dozens of controls , instruments , and warning lights . 
 in addition , like an american car , there were two well-positioned drink cup holders . 
 two 19 '' glass touch screen computer displays were softly glowing in front of the helm ; they occupied most of the real estate on the lower console . 
 the upper console equally spread the full bridge width . 
 it was molded above the sleek curves of the windshield . 
 three 12 '' glass touch screen computer displays crowded most of the upper console . 
 as a group , the five displays , three upper and two lower , allowed albert to efficiently manage the sophisticated systems aboard teleport . 
 presently , the left side 19 '' screen featured a scrolling map of their current position ; it was in chart plotter and radar mode . 
 the monitor displayed sea depth contours , blinking squares for nearby ships , and red and green channel marker buoys . 
 the right 19 '' screen was in multiscreen mode - the top portion showing current speed and magnetic heading , and the bottom portion showing the autopilot controls . 
 albert was exhausted from the long night and needed a cup of coffee . 
 he set the autopilot to a heading of seventy-five degrees magnetic . 
 as he lifted his hands from the wheel , teleport seemed to smile , and say , `` relax , i have this . '' 
 he stepped away from the helm . 
 after a quick scan of the morning horizon , he descended the forward companionway stairs , located on the port side of the enclosed bridge . 
 reaching the salon , he kept one hand on a handhold as he moved around the cabin . 
 the seas were rough . 
 he made his way to the galley ; it was located on the starboard side of the ship . 
 while bracing his body against the counter , albert removed an unbreakable cup from the latched cupboard and filled it with coffee from the built in drip coffeemaker . 
 the coffee was more than an hour old . 
 it did n't matter to albert , at least this morning anyway . 
 it was hot , and it was coffee . 
 most importantly , it was charged with caffeine . 
 it had been a sleepless night . 
 the late stop in santa cruz , coupled with the rough seas , had kept him on the bridge and away from a comfortable berth . 
 leaving the galley , coffee in one hand , and an overhead grab rail in the other , he walked toward the bow , or forepeak . 
 forward of the galley , a passageway ran along the starboard side of the ship . 
 beyond the passageway threshold were the sleeping berths , the anchor lockers , the forepeak companionway , and the bathroom , more appropriately referenced as the head . 
 there was one other feature in this area . 
 it was a small , multi-purpose room , serving as an office , a workshop , and a secure storage area . 
 the room was hidden on the port side , forward of the salon bulkhead , tucked away between the head and albert 's cabin . 
 a false bulkhead , along with clever use of the ship 's geometry , sufficiently disguised the secret room . 
 the walls were kevlar reinforced , making unwanted intrusion difficult . 
 in many respects , the office was a type of storm shelter ; protecting him from other types of surprises . 
 albert confirmed the secret doorway to the room was properly latched . 
 he walked back to the bridge . 
 as he climbed the companionway stairs , he could hear the one-mile warning tone sounding . 
 he stepped to the helm and eased the throttles , reducing the engines to 800 rpms . 
 teleport slowed its speed to six knots per hour . 
 ten minutes later , the final distance alarm sounded . 
 albert walked to the starboard sliding door , opened it , and stepped up on the deck . 
 two large molded plastic boxes were latched securely along the centerline of the ship . 
 they were positioned in tandem , one behind the other . 
 the boxes sat on the cabin top , between the mast and bridge . 
 each box appeared to be an offshore grade , inflatable emergency life raft . 
 one box was , in fact , just that . 
 it was positioned nearer to the mast . 
 the extra box had recently joined albert and teleport , loaded aboard just eight hours earlier , when they stopped in santa cruz , california . 
 they were docked for thirteen minutes while two men loaded the box . 
 then , the men drove away and albert sailed out of the marina . 
 a thirty-pound danforth anchor sat atop the box . 
 ten feet of heavy chain connected the anchor to the large box . 
 albert unlatched the straps holding the box , chain , and anchor . 
 it was difficult in the rolling seas . 
 he wrestled the anchor down to the starboard side deck . 
 then he slid the box down the cabin top , positioning it on the walkway , just in front of the anchor . 
 he pushed the box in the water , following immediately with the anchor . 
 the short chain followed rapidly behind as the unit fell into the sea . 
 albert looked at his smartphone . 
 the box , now anchored below the surface of the bay entrance , was transmitting properly . 
 all systems were green . 
 he looked around . 
 the golden gate bridge was ahead of him . 
 he stepped down in the bridge through the starboard doorway . 
 at the helm , he switched off the autopilot . 
 they passed below the bridge . 
 albert rolled the wheel to starboard . 
 the ship altered its heading , turning right and aiming directly at the marina . 
 he eased the throttles , slowing their speed to three knots per hour . 
 the ship glided gently around the marina breakwater . 
 chapter 3 `` elizabeth ! '' 
 `` i know my name , '' she said , under her breath . 
 then depressing the speakerphone button , she replied , `` yes , mr. remons ? '' 
 karl remons ' hands seemed to reach through the speaker , wrap themselves tightly around her neck , and begin to choke the blood from her head . 
 `` get in here ! 
 now ! '' 
 elizabeth leapt from her seat and ran down the ornate corridor . 
 she paused a split-second at the oversized double doors . 
 on several occasions , he had bragged to her about the doors , saying , ` they were imported from a kaiser 's castle in europe . 
 cost me more than three hundred thousand . 
 you ca n't put a price on beauty ! ' 
 she knocked on one of the doors , opening it at the same time . 
 `` get in here ! 
 hurry up ! 
 what the hell were you doing ? 
 sleeping ? '' 
 remons face was a dark , crimson red . 
 it was not unusual ; this was a standard look for him . 
 she ignored his stupid question , closed the door , and scurried across the large office . 
 remons was sitting behind his desk . 
 it was a twelve-foot wide slab of some rare , imported stone , balanced delicately on four equally unique , gold plated steel legs . 
 `` yes , sir ? '' 
 elizabeth 's small frame and diminutive appearance were a bizarre contrast to remons gigantic build . 
 she was five foot and two inches tall and weighed less than one hundred twenty pounds . 
 her hair was auburn in color , and cut in a fashionable shoulder-length , sleek and straightened style . 
 her workday wardrobe was not business casual , nor was it business professional ; she preferred to think of it as `` business provocative '' . 
 while she was technically wearing typical business attire of suites , blouses , and pencil skirts , her extremely short hemlines , more than a few buttons undone on her blouse , and curve hugging slacks prevented anyone from ever confusing her with a high-powered female executive . 
 karl remons , when standing , was six foot and nine inches tall . 
 he was a giant . 
 he was more-than-slightly overweight , always fighting a battle with the three hundred pound line . 
 he loved good dining and good drinking , maybe even better than he loved good sex . 
 he bellowed , `` get bill on the phone ! 
 tell him to drive over here immediately ! '' 
 elizabeth thought , `` which bill ? '' 
 there were at least three people he could be referencing . 
 that did not include any other ` bill ' she had not heard of , but was somehow supposed to be plugged into his mind and know the intended person . 
 `` bill shefford ? 
 in oakland , correct ? '' 
 she was taking a gamble , but it did not matter . 
 just opening her mouth was akin to watching dice roll on a vegas craps table . 
 how the dice landed was not in her control . 
 `` of course ! 
 who else would i want to talk to ? '' 
 remons stood up from the chair and glared down at elizabeth . 
 it was one of his many intimidation methods , as if the loud , booming voice was somehow inadequate to properly convey a message . 
 `` now ! '' 
 he bellowed . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 elizabeth ran for the door , like a second grade child running from the sixth grade playground bully . 
 she opened the door , exited , and closed it quietly behind her . 
 she walked briskly down the corridor and back to the little security offered by her own space in the office . 
 he was an ass . 
 she hated him in a way that was unimaginable to her eight years ago . 
 elizabeth was raised in a loving family and was taught the golden rule . 
 she believed in treating others the way she wanted to be treated . 
 however , she made an exception when she thought about remons . 
 she did not like or respect him . 
 he had his own version of the golden rule - screw them before they even think about screwing you . 
 he often mentioned his rule , aptly naming it remons ' rule . 
 she sat down at her desk . 
 the multi-line , interoffice desk phone was already ringing . 
 it was remons , again . 
 `` yes , sir ? '' 
 she said quickly , after picking up the handset . 
 `` well ? '' 
 remons was impatient , as always . 
 `` where 's bill ? '' 
 `` i 'm calling him now , sir . '' 
 `` hurry up ! '' 
 with that command , she could hear his phone being slammed back into its cradle . 
 she pressed a button for an open line , dialing bill shefford 's mobile phone number . 
 when bill answered , she skipped the pleasantries , saying , `` he wants to see you immediately in the tower office . 
 where are you now ? '' 
 elizabeth knew she did n't need to specify who ` he ' was ; remons ' notoriety was sufficient to allow easy inference for bill . 
 bill replied , `` i 'm in oakland . 
 where else ? 
 it will take at least thirty minutes to get downtown . '' 
 he paused a moment , then said , `` tell him i am busy firing three incompetent engineers , and will be there in time for lunch . '' 
 bill shefford had worked twenty years for remons global . 
 five years ago , his career changed dramatically . 
 slavery , disguised in what appeared to be a fortuitous opportunity , arrived one day in 2008 . 
 on that day , remons asked bill to manage the oakland facility . 
 `` i 'll tell him , '' elizabeth responded . 
 `` what do you want for lunch ? 
 i will schedule lunch in his majesty 's palace promptly at noon . 
 you need to be here no later than 11:45 . 
 i 'm sure whatever he wants will be explained immediately . 
 then , the two of you can wine and dine for ninety minutes . '' 
 `` lucky me . '' 
 bill hated his meetings with remons . 
 `` i 'm assuming his lordship will be having the seared albacore . 
 correct ? 
 are we having a chardonnay ? '' 
 `` yes , and yes , '' elizabeth replied without hesitation . 
 `` very well , let 's go with the seared salmon , along with a caesar side salad . 
 i do n't want remons having an unexpected gastric event , simply because i have mixed red meat with white wine . '' 
 elizabeth ended the call with bill , and then sent remons a text message . 
 it read , `` shefford tied up . 
 firing three stupid employees . 
 will be here at 11:45 . 
 lunch ordered for noon . '' 
 she did n't expect a response . 
 that would be too humane . 
 silence meant he approved . 
 chapter 4 it was 9:05 am , on the first day of summer . 
 albert looked up at the overhead console . 
 two of the three glass touch screens were displaying real time weather conditions . 
 it was fifty-five degrees fahrenheit . 
 winds were from the west at eight miles per hour , gusting to twelve . 
 the water temperature was fifty-three degrees . 
 he opened the sliding starboard door . 
 albert climbed the two small stairs and stepped up on the deck . 
 he looked up , and watched as a heavy layer of low altitude clouds crept slowly past the ship . 
 the clouds seemed to be reaching down , as if they wanted to touch teleport 's one hundred foot tall mast . 
 standing there , albert 's thoughts drifted back more than twenty years . 
 his fondest childhood memories were sailing the great lakes around michigan . 
 each summer , albert and his parents crammed in as many sailing trips as possible . 
 primarily , the family sailed on lake st. clair , usually for a day or two at a time . 
 however , around july the fourth , they spent two weeks sailing beyond lake st. clair , usually north to lake huron and georgian bay . 
 frank pabek , albert 's father , worked his entire adult life in a detroit area manufacturing plant . 
 it produced steel stampings for cars and light duty trucks . 
 frank was a high school dropout . 
 he started his career at metal presses incorporated at seventeen years old . 
 the stamping plant ran continually , twenty-four hours per day , and six to seven days per week . 
 albert was very close to his father . 
 they were a true father-son duo , doing everything together . 
 they fished , went to baseball games , played ice hockey , and , of course , sailed on paradise winds , the family 's catalina 30 sailboat . 
 after high school graduation , albert 's only desire was to work with his dad at metal presses incorporated . 
 frank refused , insisting that college must be albert 's first priority . 
 albert was as stubborn as frank , so it took a few months for them to reach a compromise . 
 ultimately , albert decided to go to school during the day . 
 frank allowed albert to work nights at metal presses incorporated . 
 they both agreed , were his grades to slip , albert would give up the job and focus on his studies . 
 for three years , albert successfully balanced working at the factory with making good grades . 
 all seemed set for him to graduate in four years , without any student loan debt and a pile of money saved from working at the plant . 
 unfortunately , life rarely goes as planned . 
 it was 1997 . 
 the month prior , albert had wrapped up his third year of college , where he was majoring in corporate finance . 
 it was summer break , and he was working extra hours on third shift at the stamping plant . 
 his father worked first shift and was also working extra hours . 
 albert lived in his parents ' home . 
 it was saturday afternoon . 
 he was asleep , recovering from a long night at work , when he awoke to screams . 
 albert ran down the stairs , finding his mom crying on the kitchen floor . 
 her words froze albert in his steps . 
 she looked up at albert with a pained expression , and was barely able to get out the words `` it 's your dad , '' before collapsing into another fit of hysterical crying . 
 the details were sketchy . 
 two men , frank pabek and another employee , were changing some tooling inside of a large stamping press . 
 the safety cabling system failed and both men were crushed to death . 
 it was the first day of summer . 
 it was also albert 's twenty-first birthday . 
 albert continued working at metal presses incorporated , but there was no longer time for college . 
 he routinely worked extra hours , averaging at least sixty hours each week in the factory . 
 certainly , the money was necessary to support his mom and their household . 
 that was the main reason he worked so hard . 
 however , he also worked long hours to hide from his father 's death . 
 working kept his mind busy , and his muscles tired . 
 it was easy to fall asleep , following a long , muscle exhausting twelve-hour shift . 
 the federal agency , osha , or the occupational safety & health administration , investigated the workplace accident and ruled the deaths were a result of negligence . 
 the accident occurred in a recently installed stamping press . 
 the press was not new . 
 it was a worn-out press , purchased from an overseas manufacturer , and not properly installed by the company . 
 structurally , the press had failed . 
 it was not frank pabek 's fault -- it was the fault of executives at metal presses incorporated . 
 the wrongful death did not result in a large cash windfall for mrs. pabek and albert . 
 the attorneys at metal presses incorporated offered a take-it-or-leave-it settlement of $ 95,000 - the equivalent of frank 's final two years ' earnings . 
 albert had yelled at his mom , `` a man trades his life for two years of wages ? '' 
 he was angry . 
 he was hurt . 
 he wanted to hire a lawyer and fight the company . 
 yet , his mom would not allow it . 
 she believed the incident was truly an accident ; and , accidents are just something that happens in life . 
 she thought it inappropriate to enrich their lives with the company 's money . 
 albert loved his mom and ultimately respected her wishes . 
 `` she 's a fine looking ship . '' 
 albert was startled out of his reminiscing . 
 a few minutes earlier , he had flawlessly guided teleport into her slip . 
 solitarily handling a large sailing vessel is easy , as long as one knows what he is doing . 
 the independently controlled twin diesels , in combination with an electric bow thruster , had made for another routine and perfect landing . 
 `` thanks , '' albert replied to the stranger . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` i 'm james edwards . 
 take care of the gas dock and pump out station for the marina . 
 that 's what i do here . 
 noticed you comin ' in . 
 i just wanted to get a closer look at your boat . '' 
 albert already could tell where james ' mouth was heading . 
 he had been through this before . 
 as expected , james said , `` permission to come aboard , captain ? '' 
 `` sorry , james . 
 i 'm not much for parlor visits . 
 you can , however , do me a big favor . 
 i do n't like people around her , '' he pointed to teleport . 
 `` how about fifty bucks every day i 'm here - to keep the nosy people away ? '' 
 `` sure ! '' 
 james responded , without the slightest hesitation . 
 `` i 'll give you a phone number . 
 if you see anyone snooping around , just give me a call . '' 
 albert 's thirty-seven years of living had taught him a lot about human behavior . 
 he did n't need james to watch over his ship . 
 homeland security would be jealous of the cameras , sensors , and electronics spread along the ship 's sixty-foot length . 
 adding james to his security detail was cheap insurance . 
 for fifty bucks a day , it would keep james away from teleport . 
 it also gave albert an excuse to help out james . 
 albert had already formed a story around james . 
 his mannerisms . 
 the way he was dressed ; and the way he walked , slow and aimless . 
 his outwardly cheerful voice was unable to sufficiently hide his inner disappointments , but he still proudly announced his role in life -- running the gas dock . 
 he believed james to be in his late twenties , likely married with two kids , and living in a trailer north of sausalito . 
 he expected james would muddle through life for forty more years , enjoy a few laughs , endure a divorce , and ultimately die penniless on the streets . 
 albert intended to give james two or three hundred dollars over the next few days . 
 james would likely hide it from his wife . 
 he would buy her a nice shapely container of fancy perfume . 
 the two kids would get a few unexpected special toys . 
 the rest of the money would be spent on a nice bottle of liquor ; a bottle he would savor each day , at the gas dock , until the contents were gone . 
 albert stood on the deck . 
 saying nothing . 
 he hoped james would get the message . 
 thankfully , it worked . 
 `` well , captain . 
 so , i 'll see you around later ? '' 
 albert smiled at him . 
 `` yes , james . 
 i 'll see you soon . 
 thanks for keeping an eye on teleport . '' 
 with that , albert stepped down in the bridge . 
 james took the hint and walked away . 
 he watched the kid return to the gas dock and go inside the dockside store . 
 albert sat down in the captain 's chair , leaning back to look at the bridge ceiling . 
 it was covered in photos ; the ceiling was his photo album -- serving as a constant reminder of where he had been , what had happened , and what he intended to do . 
 paradise winds , a catalina 30 manufactured in 1978 , had been the pabek family sailboat . 
 it was prevalent in many photos . 
 at the moment , albert was studying one picture . 
 in it , the sailboat was on the hard . 
 at the end of the previous sailing season , albert had crashed her into a dock piling , again . 
 he and dad had repaired the damage during the spring launch checklist . 
 they were standing on scaffolding near the fiberglass bow of the ship . 
 dad 's cat , jagsy , was draped over the railing , acting as the repair supervisor . 
 the cat was his father 's constant sailing companion , always aboard , and usually a nuisance to albert . 
 albert stood up from his seat . 
 he had things to do . 
 he stepped up on the starboard deck . 
 using his smartphone , albert tested teleport 's intruder monitoring systems . 
 everything was green . 
 he slid the starboard door closed and verified it latched properly . 
 after spending the last seven days in the pacific ocean , he desperately needed to walk and stretch . 
 he was hungry , too . 
 hungry for a meal prepared by someone other than himself . 
 he first checked in at the pier marina office , paying in advance for three nights of dockage . 
 the clerk provided a receipt , along with the electronic code necessary to open the dock security gate . 
 albert left the office and casually strolled through the tourists on the pier . 
 he surveyed the different eating options available to him . 
 it was the between time . 
 not really breakfast time , but too early for lunch . 
 he was indecisive whether to hold out a little while longer for a lunch or spoil lunch with some type of snack . 
 he noticed a coffee shop . 
 the coffee shop overlooked the permanent resident slips of pier marina . 
 he decided to hold out for lunch . 
 anyway , coffee was a superb appetizer . 
 albert had nearly reached the coffee shop , when he began to have second thoughts . 
 he really was hungry . 
 he was turning away , when he heard a woman say , `` good morning , sir . '' 
 albert looked up from his walk . 
 she had only slightly surprised him . 
 however , the surprise , coupled with his lack of sleep , made it seem as if a cannon had unexpectedly been discharged . 
 he regained his composure , saying , `` good morning . '' 
 the server was smiling at him . 
 albert knew technically she was n't called a server or waitress any longer . 
 nowadays they are called something else . 
 he thought it was something like craftsbrewer or brewista , but he was n't really sure . 
 she was still smiling ! 
 she was like a wide-eyed child on christmas morning . 
 `` sorry to have startled you . 
 i love the mornings and coffee ! 
 my sister says it 's a dangerous combination , resulting in an overabundance of enthusiasm . '' 
 `` may i have a large cup of black coffee ? '' 
 albert hesitated , `` also , do you have any food ? '' 
 `` sure ! '' 
 the server rapidly replied . 
 `` we have muffins , breakfast wraps , juices , fruit , dough -- '' albert stopped her . 
 `` a muffin , please . 
 do you have blueberry ? '' 
 `` no doubt ! 
 it 's one of the most popular . 
 i 'm not sure why . 
 where do blueberries really come from anyway ? 
 who decided they were edible ? 
 you know , in the beginning ? '' 
 `` wow , '' albert laughed . 
 `` that 's a lot of questions . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 i told you . 
 i love the mornings . 
 my name is veronica . '' 
 `` thanks , veronica . 
 my name is albert . 
 nice to meet you . '' 
 `` you , too ! 
 i 'll have your order out lickety-split . 
 pick yourself out a table and enjoy the view . 
 it 's going to be a beautiful day . 
 the morning clouds are lifting , and the sun is beginning to shine . 
 warning ! 
 sunny day ahead ! '' 
 veronica was wearing blue jeans , neither too tight nor loose , along with some type of running shoes . 
 she had on an oversized purple sweatshirt , with the letters sfsu prominently displayed across her chest . 
 it was probably her alma mater -- san francisco state university . 
 albert watched as she bounced off to the small building . 
 she appeared to be in her early to mid twenties . 
 like most young female servers , she was properly proportioned and very pleasant looking . 
 he estimated her at about five foot and five inches tall . 
 she had black hair , and albert was reasonably certain it was a natural color - not from a box . 
 albert sat down near the edge of the wharf . 
 from the table , he had a striking view of the bay area . 
 the golden gate bridge stood prominently to the northwest still partially enveloped by the low morning clouds , as if it was standing watch over the bay entrance . 
 albert looked north across the bay . 
 he stared at alcatraz and thought momentarily about its eerie history . 
 to the east was treasure island , sitting forward of a backdrop of the berkley shoreline that reflected in the distance . 
 veronica returned with his order . 
 `` here you go . 
 enjoy ! '' 
 `` thanks , '' albert replied . 
 `` can you tell me something ? '' 
 albert pointed to the large , three-story yacht double-parked alongside the next pier east of the coffee shop . 
 `` what kind of guy owns something like that ? '' 
 veronica 's speech was rapid , but her cheery disposition vanished . 
 `` you are obviously talking about the owner . 
 it belongs to this really rich man . 
 he 's an asshole . 
 just ask anyone . 
 his office is in the financial district , just a few blocks from here . '' 
 albert was unsure how to respond . 
 he tried changing the subject . 
 `` i 'm looking for tickets to the giants-marlins game tonight . 
 do you know the best place to find good seats ? '' 
 veronica did n't seem to hear his question . 
 she sneered , `` it 's called the owner because the owner believes he owns everything . 
 and if he ca n't own something , or someone , then he destroys the something or someone . '' 
 `` later today , remons will arrive , either in a fancy car , a stretch limousine , or a helicopter . 
 karl remons owns that ridiculous display of money and power . 
 anyway , activity in the pier area will screech to a halt for fifteen minutes , just to accommodate the arrival of the owner to the owner . '' 
 `` sounds kind of redundant , '' albert smiled . 
 `` i asked about tickets for the game . 
 any ideas ? '' 
 veronica said , `` there are a couple of ticket resellers out along the main road . 
 you could try one of those . 
 me , i would just buy them at the gate . 
 price is the same , maybe even cheaper . 
 i doubt you will have trouble getting a seat . 
 it 's not a big game tonight . '' 
 `` thanks , '' albert replied . 
 veronica left albert to enjoy his coffee and bounced back to the store . 
 inside , she stepped behind the counter and noticed her phone was buzzing near the cash register . 
 she picked it up and read the text message . 
 `` just another day in the torture tower . 
 how 's my baby sister today ? '' 
 chapter 5 remons global , a private company owned exclusively by karl remons , occupied the highest floor of a skyscraper in the san francisco financial district . 
 the penthouse office represented only a tiny portion of remons global . 
 five people , karl remons and four employees dedicated to supporting his every whim , worked in this particular location . 
 karl remons viewed his employees just like everyone else in the world . 
 they were tools ; tools stored away in a toolbox . 
 he only took them out when needed . 
 he isolated his office from the offices of even his highest paid tools . 
 the remons global executive staff offices were located a few blocks away from remons tower , the common name used by his staff when referring to karl remons ' penthouse floor . 
 the company was filled with the normal cadre of presidents , vice presidents , executive coos , ceos , cfos , directors , and a dozen other gratuitous titles designed to clearly distinguish the haves from the have-nots . 
 remons , and his company , had recently celebrated their twenty-year anniversary . 
 founded in 1993 , the business charter was emblazoned everywhere across the company . 
 it read like most business slogans , `` increase the value of our company on a daily basis . 
 karl remons -lrb- 1993 -rrb- '' the internal business charter , not published anywhere in print , was `` make more money !! '' 
 that was remons ' message to every employee in his company , not the ` our company ' referenced in the published business charter . 
 the origins of remons global were similar to many businesses . 
 karl remons was a young , ivy league university graduate , and he wanted to own a business . 
 remons had a privileged upbringing . 
 he could have chosen to doddle away life on a caribbean beach , in manhattan , or both . 
 yet , he wanted to own a business for a different reason . 
 the reason was control . 
 it was about controlling every person and thing around him . 
 it was about the power . 
 it was about being -- the owner . 
 karl remons was unable to create remons global by himself . 
 he founded the business with three partners . 
 the name remons global was chosen by the partners because of the remons ' family connections in the business world . 
 at least , that 's what he convinced the partners to believe . 
 in 1996 , two of the three partners died in a plane crash . 
 they were traveling on a remons global jet , along with the pilot , co-pilot , and an executive assistant . 
 the one-year-old , state of the art , airplane was in route from san francisco , california to cleveland , ohio . 
 it never arrived . 
 a search helicopter located the airplane 's remnants the following day . 
 it was scattered across a remote area of the rocky mountains in colorado . 
 the national transportation safety board , or ntsb , arrived at the crash sight a few hours later . 
 they spent two weeks processing the crash site , extracting as much of the parts as possible , both human and machine . 
 the final ntsb report was inconclusive . 
 it stated a possible theory for the crash : pilot unfamiliarity with weather patterns in the rocky mountain region suggests most probable cause of incident . 
 the aircraft exhibited no signs of mechanical trouble . 
 less than a week following the plane crash , the third and final partner died in a bicycling accident . 
 he was an avid long distance rider , religiously logging ten miles each morning before work . 
 one morning , a drunk driver ran a red light , at forty miles per hour , hitting remons ' last remaining partner . 
 the drunk driver was so distraught that , after sobering up and securing release on bail , he committed suicide . 
 remons was now the only remaining partner in remons global . 
 remons and his partners had written a restrictive partnership agreement . 
 one covenant of the agreement concerned the death of a partner . 
 it required the remaining partners to purchase the ownership share from the estate of the deceased . 
 the last appraised actuarial value , at the time of the death , was the basis for the buyout price . 
 during the year before the deaths of the three partners , remons global had contracted an international accounting firm to assess the value of the company . 
 this was an expensive undertaking , but the four partners were exploring merger and acquisition options . 
 remons global had grown rapidly . 
 the partners were considering a sale of remons global , or at least a merger with an even larger company . 
 the partners saw an opportunity to possibly cash out , with a significant return on their initial 1993 investments . 
 two months passed , as the actuaries completed their analysis . 
 finally , the actuaries submitted their report . 
 it was an unfavorable shock to the partners . 
 remons global limited was worth less than 10 % of what the partners had expected . 
 each of their shares was only worth fifty million dollars . 
 they had anticipated each partner 's worth to be at least five hundred million dollars . 
 the accountants and actuaries had many reasons to justify their calculations , yet it all seemed so inexplicable to the partners . 
 reasons included things like remons global not adopting the correct fasb standards , product inventory shrinkage ten times more than expected , and profit margins under downward pressure . 
 the list went on and on . 
 the four partners were stunned . 
 begrudgingly , they voted to drop any idea of selling or merging remons global . 
 so , in 1996 , when the three partners died , remons was obligated to buy out each of the three partners ownership in remons global . 
 based on the last appraisal , completed in 1995 , he was required , by the restrictive covenants of the partner agreement , to pay each partner 's estate the sum of fifty million dollars . 
 remons raised the money and shelled out a total of one hundred fifty million dollars , becoming the sole owner of the company . 
 karl remons was now the owner of remons global , a business not worth two hundred million dollars , as his partners had believed . 
 it was instead a business worth more than three billion dollars . 
 chapter 6 it was 10:45 am , on the first day of summer . 
 albert was looking forward to the baseball game . 
 the san francisco giants were hosting the miami marlins . 
 he did n't care who won ; he just wanted to watch the game . 
 the first pitch was at 7:15 pm , and albert did not want to be late . 
 right now , though , he had a little time to kill . 
 albert settled up with veronica , leaving her a nice tip . 
 he knew servers made only a small wage , instead relying heavily on patron generosity . 
 albert liked leaving big tips . 
 for each oversized tip , there were at least two tables that would stiff the server . 
 leaving an extra few dollars had no significant impact on his finances , but made a big difference to a server 's take home pay . 
 he walked west along the boardwalk paralleling the street named the embarcadero . 
 it was a strange name . 
 he could not get it out of his head . 
 albert sat down on a bench facing a fishing wharf and pulled out his smartphone . 
 a quick search revealed the origins of the street 's name . 
 the embarcadero 's origins were from the spanish verb embarcar . 
 the meaning was , `` to embark . '' 
 the street name translated meant `` the place to embark '' . 
 how appropriate , he said to himself . 
 albert changed applications on his phone , briefly checking on the status of teleport . 
 it was not necessary . 
 teleport would send him an alert immediately , were any threats or problems to her safety detected . 
 nevertheless , albert believed in double-checking things . 
 besides , he had time and there was no harm . 
 with teleport verified as safe and secure , he put away the smartphone and casually watched the people around the pier area . 
 there were a few , older teenage boys milling around near the ferryboats . 
 the boys looked generally harmless , but people walking by kept their distance . 
 the ferries were used by the locals to cross the channel to sausalito , and by the tourists to see the bay area attractions . 
 two ferries were presently in port , awaiting the next load of passengers to finish boarding . 
 he noticed two men , dressed in expensive looking suits , walking into an upscale looking restaurant on the pier . 
 `` too early for lunch , boys , '' albert said quietly to himself . 
 he guessed that the business pair was out on a ` client meeting ' , that is , as far as their boss was concerned . 
 probably , the pair would spend the next few hours drinking and eating , and then drinking again . 
 all of this , on some unsuspecting company 's expense account . 
 albert 's seat was unexpectedly jolted . 
 he fell forward on the bench , but avoided a full frontal slam of his face into the boardwalk 's concrete surface . 
 hastily jumping up , he spun around to see an assumedly homeless man standing behind the bench , limply hanging off a shopping cart . 
 `` sorry , sir , '' the man spoke very slowly . 
 `` i was n't watchin ' my cart , and it rolled into your bench . 
 really sorry , mister . '' 
 albert had lived in michigan . 
 he had witnessed , first hand , the desperation and homelessness of the area . 
 the san francisco homeless population , as well as the homeless actors , had nothing on the people living on the streets of detroit . 
 albert shrugged at the man , saying nothing . 
 he sat back down on the bench with his back to the stranger . 
 he expected the man would persist , but albert hoped to be proven wrong . 
 the man limped closer , leaned over , and looked directly at albert . 
 `` i said it was an accident , mister . 
 to show you how sorry i really am , please let me give you my watch . '' 
 albert stared at him intensely . 
 the stare should have been sufficient to send away the fraudster . 
 nevertheless , for good measure , he added , `` no , thanks . 
 leave me alone . '' 
 it did n't work . 
 the man persisted , `` mister , this watch here , it cost me three hundred dollars . 
 i want to give it to you for five bucks . 
 it 's my gift to you . 
 for the accident and all . '' 
 albert 's personality was a stark contrast to karl remons ' . 
 it was a near mirror image . 
 while remons spent 95 % of his time in some form of anger and rage , albert was the opposite . 
 he spent 95 % of his time at peace with himself , and the world at large . 
 that last 5 % though , was a scary side for albert to let out . 
 however , when he did let it out ... he stood up , again . 
 standing six feet and one inch tall , albert was not basketball player material , but he was n't short either . 
 with a physique that matched his height , albert weighed in at two hundred twelve pounds . 
 he was in exceptional physical condition -- work aboard the sailboat kept him in top shape . 
 he faced the scam artist . 
 normally , albert 's pale green eyes showed warmth and compassion . 
 not at this moment . 
 albert stared darkly and intensely at the man , and then whispered quietly in to the swindler 's ear . 
 the man 's eyes grew wide with fear . 
 he ran away quickly with his cart , seemingly cured of the limp . 
 albert calmed himself , smiled , and sat back down . 
 he said , `` amateur . '' 
 three blocks away , the scam artist was still trembling . 
 the words of the strange man kept ringing in his ears . 
 `` i am the new owner . '' 
 chapter 7 it was 11:23 am , on the first day of summer . 
 no one , other than the scam artist , had bothered albert . 
 he was enjoying the morning air , but he was getting sleepy . 
 he muttered quietly , `` i need a nap . '' 
 seven days at sea can exhaust even the most seasoned sailor . 
 albert left the bench near the fishing pier . 
 he walked through the shops along pier marina boardwalk , casually retracing his steps back to dock 14 and teleport . 
 he reached the security gate for dock 14 , pressed in the gate combination , and opened the door . 
 he noticed james leaning against one of the pilings . 
 `` hi , james , '' albert smiled . 
 james straightened up , saying , `` hello , captain ! 
 good news ! 
 nobody got near teleport . 
 all is clear . '' 
 with that , he made a goofy salute to albert , raising his left hand to his forehead . 
 only his pinky was extended , as if he had been holding a teacup , and then abruptly decided to slam it into his head . 
 evidently , james did not have a military background . 
 `` thanks , james , '' albert shook his hand , passing him a hundred dollar bill . 
 `` wow ! 
 thanks , captain . 
 are you staying overnight ? '' 
 he was looking at the cash and doing some simple math . 
 one hundred dollars meant two days work . 
 `` yes . 
 i hear the marlins are in town against the giants . 
 thought i would catch the game , drink a few beers , and sleep it off in the marina tonight . '' 
 `` i like you , captain ! 
 what a life ! 
 just sail in and watch a baseball game . '' 
 james ' voice trailed off , his smile faded , and he began walking away . 
 `` anyway , have fun at the ballpark . 
 see you later . '' 
 albert climbed aboard teleport . 
 as he did , the magnetic key card in his wallet triggered the unlocking of a single latch on the sliding starboard door to the bridge . 
 albert then touched a small , inconspicuous area near the handle , and a second latch silently unlocked . 
 he slid open the door . 
 albert stepped down into the bridge , closing and locking the door behind him . 
 lastly , he pressed six digits into the small keypad located discretely on the overhead console . 
 teleport 's intruder warning light stopped flashing . 
 the ship was now set to the occupied and docked mode . 
 the ship 's layout was technically considered a center cockpit sloop . 
 uniquely though , the cockpit , a command bridge on this vessel , was positioned so much further aft than the usual definition of a center cockpit sloop , that most casual observers would briefly mistake her as an aft-cockpit design . 
 the fully enclosed bridge , with reinforced glass windows , measured almost eleven feet wide , with a fore-to-aft distance of nearly eight feet . 
 the enclosure looked more like a sports car , rather than the bridge of a sailboat . 
 its swept back lines blended sleekly with the cabin top lines and overall sporty look of teleport . 
 the bridge featured four exit points . 
 two were obvious ; the sliding doors , port and starboard . 
 a third exit was the emergency hatch on the bridge roof . 
 the fourth exit looked like a dead end . 
 it was the aft companionway stairs , located on the starboard side of the bridge . 
 the aft companionway stairs led to teleport 's small garage , where a final door was accessible . 
 albert gazed around the bridge . 
 all systems were green . 
 he climbed down the forward companionway stairs . 
 he entered the main living area , known as the salon , and sat down in one of the reclining chairs . 
 closing his eyes , he was fast asleep in less than two minutes . 
 thoughts of the origins of teleport entered his mind . 
 albert 's mom died in 1998 , the year following frank 's death . 
 the doctor concluded her death was caused by a stroke . 
 however , albert knew the truth . 
 she died of a broken heart . 
 after her death , the house was too quiet . 
 his fond family memories were too difficult to remember in the house . 
 he sold it soon after the funeral , moving to a rental apartment near metal presses incorporated , where he continued working long hours . 
 the weeks turned to months , and the months turned to years . 
 ten years passed . 
 then , one day , his world was turned upside down , again . 
 he learned a new phrase : `` economic displacement '' . 
 even now , five years later , albert still vividly remembered being fired in 2008 . 
 `` you have been economically displaced , '' the 25-year-old manager had told him . 
 he did n't care what they called it . 
 he had been fired . 
 he was blindsided . 
 fired ! 
 this was not a temporary layoff . 
 it was permanent . 
 albert was more fortunate than many of his fellow ` economically displaced ' friends . 
 he had saved most of his earnings in the past ten years , pouring the money in simple interest savings accounts , along with federally insured certificates of deposit . 
 his friends were dealt a double punch . 
 they no longer had jobs and most lost their savings in the stock market , as the equity focused mutual funds , pushed by their employers , decreased in value . 
 following the deaths of his parents , albert lost interest in everything other than work . 
 sailing was the one activity he had loved . 
 yet , his heart could not allow him to enjoy it alone . 
 it had been a family experience . 
 paradise winds had been on the hard since the winter of 1997 . 
 that changed a few days after his ` economic displacement ' . 
 paradise winds touched water , after more than ten years , soon after albert began his new career in unemployment . 
 he sailed her around the coast of michigan for a month . 
 it was during this time that he conceived teleport in his mind . 
 he sailed paradise winds back to her home marina on lake st. clair and promptly decommissioned the vessel . 
 the sails were folded ceremoniously , placed in their original sail bags , and stored in the cockpit lockers . 
 the mast was lowered , and the standing rigging was removed . 
 albert moved the decommissioned paradise winds , along with sketches of teleport , into a barn in central michigan . 
 they were on a farm , more than eighty miles from her previous home on lake st. clair . 
 the barn belonged to his uncle , and it became his home for the next four years . 
 albert lived in paradise winds , on the hard , inside the barn . 
 teleport was a one of a kind vessel . 
 he spent most waking moments designing , building , and redesigning the beautiful ship . 
 the hull was constructed of welded aluminum plate , reinforced with aluminum ribbing along its entire length . 
 she featured a double hull construction in most areas , resulting in her being nearly impossible to sink . 
 it was a difficult economic time across the united states , but especially in michigan . 
 the country was in a severe recession and the auto industry was almost dead . 
 hundreds of thousands of michiganders lost their jobs . 
 they often referred to themselves as `` the idle poor '' ; an opposite to the `` the idle rich '' . 
 as each month , quarter and year passed , the economy continued to struggle . 
 it seemed the worst impacted were those working in the automotive industry . 
 eventually , the politicians were getting public pressure to financially support , or bailout , the car manufacturers . 
 the automaker ceos even personally flew to washington dc , in their corporate private jets , to explain the direness of the situation . 
 they sufficiently scared the politicians , warning a real bankruptcy would send the united states into a full blown recession ; one even worse than that of the great depression . 
 in the end , the federal government became a shareholder in for-profit businesses , investing federal dollars to keep them alive . 
 at first , it seemed to be a good idea for the workers . 
 then it quickly turned into another gut punch . 
 the government , their government , was giving tax dollars to their former employers . 
 yet , the ` economically displaced ' were still displaced . 
 despite the stimulus , michiganders were not getting callbacks to work . 
 unemployment stayed absurdly high , creeping ever higher each month . 
 the automakers said they were ` doing more with less ' . 
 they suggested the unemployed workers move to the right-to-work , non-unionized plants in other states . 
 the months and years kept passing . 
 the automakers , along with their wealthy executives , slowly recovered from the economic disaster . 
 however , for the general labor force , things did not get better as quickly . 
 in that backdrop , albert had finished the realization of teleport . 
 dozens of friends from `` the idle poor '' used their trade skills to help him build his dream during the recessionary years . 
 welders , woodworkers , tailors , mechanics , plumbers , metal fabricators , foundry men , and machinists ; they were all represented . 
 the artisanship was like no other in the world . 
 albert hired and paid each of the artisans . 
 some had tried refusing payment , calling it a handout . 
 however , this was no handout and albert was very persuasive . 
 he had the money and was building a ship . 
 teleport was not a make-work project . 
 paradise winds had sat in the barn watching , like a mother , over the construction of teleport . 
 during the construction , she was albert 's home and construction engineering office . 
 teleport 's birthday at last arrived in late 2012 . 
 she was complete and ready for her journey . 
 one early morning , an oversized highway trailer arrived , pulled behind a class 8 tractor . 
 teleport was gently hoisted upward along a steel frame that cradled around her . 
 the trailer was pulled in and she was lowered gently in to the customized trailer . 
 alone , albert quietly spent two hours removing his remaining possessions from paradise winds , talking to her like an old mare ready for her final trip to pasture . 
 inside the vessel , he closed the forepeak hatch and the smaller hatches around the ship . 
 then , he climbed the companionway stairs and stepped into the cockpit . 
 standing behind the wheel , he reminisced one last time about the family 's many adventures . 
 finally , he closed up the companionway , inserted the hatch boards , and padlocked paradise winds . 
 he climbed down the temporary wooden stairs leading off the aft section of the cockpit and to the barn floor . 
 albert stood away from paradise winds and snapped several pictures with his camera . 
 he then lowered a large tarp from the ceiling of the barn , ceremoniously covering her , like a flag draped over a veteran 's coffin . 
 albert climbed in the truck 's passenger seat , giving the driver a teary eyed thumbs up . 
 teleport , his new home , slipped beautifully out of the barn . 
 they were westward bound , heading for a launch date in seattle , washington . 
 chapter 8 her phone vibrated and simultaneously played a chorus line from a popular song . 
 elizabeth rummaged through her purse , hurriedly looking for the personal mobile phone . 
 she had left the phone ringtone in the on position . 
 she found the phone and quieted the ringer . 
 it was just a text message . 
 anywhere else , and the ringing would not have mattered . 
 it mattered here . 
 remons demanded elizabeth 's every waking moment be dedicated to serving him . 
 ` no distractions , ' he would always tell her . 
 fortunately , at least this time , she was not near remons , and he did not hear the phone sound . 
 she looked at the message . 
 it was from veronica . 
 `` remons ' boat is here . 
 bad day ? 
 he 's in the office ? '' 
 elizabeth typed quietly , with the phone positioned discretely under her desk . 
 `` yes . 
 i may be late tonight . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 yes , i know it 's friday . '' 
 the williams girls , elizabeth and veronica , were born and raised in the bay area . 
 both graduated from a local university . 
 elizabeth was the oldest , having recently turned thirty . 
 veronica , the younger sister , was twenty-five . 
 they rented a small apartment together . 
 it was a nice place for two young women . 
 it was located on lombard street , both convenient to their jobs and the young single adult life style . 
 elizabeth graduated college with a dual major in finance and marketing . 
 after graduation , she searched two months for a job , unsuccessfully applying and interviewing around the bay area . 
 one day , partly on a lark , but mainly because she needed money , elizabeth responded to a job posting seeking an executive assistant . 
 the position was in a tall building downtown . 
 a few days later , she received a call . 
 elizabeth passed the phone screen and was called in for an in person interview . 
 on the interview day , she met karl remons . 
 her life was different from that moment forward . 
 remons intrigued elizabeth , at least initially . 
 he was wealthy and smart . 
 he was n't terribly handsome , but he had a certain aura about him . 
 during her first year at remons global , karl remons and his sometimes-charming personality seduced elizabeth . 
 slowly , he added to elizabeth 's duties at the company . 
 after twelve months , elizabeth williams had two jobs ; one by day as his full time assistant , and one by night as his part time prostitute . 
 veronica graduated a few years after elizabeth . 
 her degree was in business , too , but focused on entrepreneurship . 
 she opened the coffee shop immediately after graduation , having no desire to work in corporate america . 
 she loathed the thought of working in offices filled with non-stop bureaucracy . 
 the coffee shop was not every entrepreneur 's dream . 
 it involved long hours , varying climate conditions , and thin profits . 
 for veronica , though , it was perfect . 
 elizabeth was stuffing the phone in her purse , just as bill shefford approached her desk . 
 they had known each other for eight years and had a good friendly working relationship . 
 nothing more . 
 neither one had time for relationships ; remons was just too demanding . 
 even though they were merely business acquaintances , elizabeth adored bill . 
 today , he was wearing black slacks , loafers , and a tight fitting , tan turtleneck shirt . 
 the outfit nicely complimented his near six-foot height , light blond colored hair , and brown eyes . 
 `` hi , bill , '' elizabeth stood up and hugged him . 
 `` happy friday . 
 remons finally settle down ? '' 
 `` he 's been quiet for about thirty minutes . 
 likely , on the phone with one of the european contacts . 
 it 's the end of the day over there . '' 
 then she whispered , `` he probably just wants someone to lose sleep worrying all night and weekend . '' 
 `` unfortunately , we both know you are right , '' bill nodded his head . 
 `` well , time for my daily beating . '' 
 bill headed down the corridor to remons office . 
 when he reached the doors , he knocked softly . 
 remons himself opened the door , quickly grabbing bill by the arm and pulling him in the office . 
 `` get in here , '' remons said cautiously to bill . 
 remons closed the door . 
 `` we have a problem . '' 
 bill started to say something , but remons continued . 
 `` last night , i had an unknown caller . 
 he called me on my private number , just after midnight . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 bill was surprised . 
 he was second in command at remons global and did not have the number for remons ' private phone . 
 remons said , `` the caller would not give his name . 
 he only identified himself as representing ` an international concern ' . 
 he asked to meet with me , alone , in my office . 
 at 2:00 pm today . '' 
 `` of course ! 
 so , you said , ` yes , certainly ! 
 would you like coffee or tea ? ' 
 correct ? '' 
 bill was joking . 
 remons bent over for no one . 
 certainly not a crank caller . 
 `` i agreed to the meeting . '' 
 `` really ? 
 why ? '' 
 remons looked pale . 
 `` there was something about the caller . 
 maybe it was the surprise on my private line . 
 i do n't know , but it worried me not to accept the meeting . '' 
 bill said , `` i 'm sure its nothing . 
 probably just some kook trying to scam you for a thousand bucks . 
 why are you telling me this ? 
 what can i do to help ? '' 
 most likely , there was some dirty work involved in the problem remons was describing . 
 he guessed that someone would die . 
 nothing would ever tie back to remons global , karl remons , or even bill shefford . 
 `` you are to do nothing . 
 clear ? 
 nothing . 
 at least not yet . '' 
 `` sure thing , '' bill was relieved . 
 `` that it ? 
 ready to eat ? '' 
 with the business discussion finished , the pair enjoyed a five star lunch in remons ' private dining room . 
 the dining room jutted out over the north side of the building , allowing for a near perfect , 180-degree view . 
 the pacific ocean , the golden gate bridge , fisherman 's wharf , alcatraz , the giants stadium and treasure island ; they were all visible from each of their chairs . 
 the dining experience concluded precisely at 1:30 pm . 
 bill was dismissed . 
 remons sat at his desk , alone in the large office , waiting . 
 waiting nervously for the arrival of the stranger . 
 chapter 9 it was 1:18 pm , on the first day of summer . 
 the proximity warning alarm on the smartphone vibrated in albert 's pocket , waking him from a deep sleep . 
 he reached to a built in shelf behind the chair . 
 picking up an electronic tablet , he selected one of the on screen options . 
 a view from the masthead camera appeared on the display . 
 two men , dressed in dark clothes , were standing on the finger pier alongside teleport . 
 they were intently studying the ship . 
 one of the men reached out and knocked on her hull loudly . 
 albert smirked . 
 he climbed the forward companionway stairs and stepped in the bridge . 
 he could see the strangers . 
 they were both staring at him , puzzled that he was just standing there . 
 after an uncomfortably long pause , albert waved to them and opened the starboard bridge door . 
 `` good morning , '' albert offered words first , before either of the strangers could speak . 
 `` it 's afternoon , fella , '' the taller of the two men said . 
 `` nice sailboat . 
 we just wanted to take a closer look . '' 
 albert noticed that james was looking sheepishly at him , standing about fifty yards down the pier . 
 he asked the men , `` did n't james tell you i was n't the ` having visitors ' type ? '' 
 he said it almost like a statement , pointing toward james . 
 the men did not bother to look where he was pointing . 
 they knew to whom he was referencing . 
 the second man spoke , `` sure , he told us . 
 unfortunately , for you and him both , we are kind of a persistent pair . 
 know what i mean ? 
 mind if we come aboard ? '' 
 `` yes , i do mind , '' said albert , as he reached discreetly for his gun , a ruger sr1911 holstered to the backside of the starboard door . 
 the .45 caliber weapon was one of a matched pair albert carried on teleport . 
 his twin was holstered on the backside of the port side bridge door . 
 the first man to have spoken ignored albert . 
 he grabbed the nearest lifeline and lifted his foot , attempting to step onto teleport 's deck . 
 albert pulled the gun from the holster , lifted it , and pointed it directly at the man 's head . 
 `` let go of my ship . 
 right now . 
 otherwise your buddy will get his fancy suit all bloody . '' 
 the man let go of the lifeline , stepped away , and stared even more intensely at albert . 
 the second man once again spoke , `` fine . 
 we were trying the simple approach . 
 your questions and stares earlier today were unacceptable . '' 
 it was a cryptic comment . 
 albert had to ask , `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` you asked too many questions about the owner . 
 our boss does n't like people snooping around in his business . 
 when are you setting sail ? 
 right now , correct ? '' 
 albert smiled , saying , `` no , i have no plans to leave today . 
 big game tonight . 
 did you know the giants are hosting the marlins ? 
 are you going to the game ? 
 maybe you can ask your buddy to go with you . 
 like a date ? '' 
 albert slid the starboard door closed , holstered the pistol , and smiled at the two goons . 
 then he climbed down the companionway stairs to the salon . 
 he picked up the tablet again and watched the view from the masthead camera . 
 the men stood on the dock , momentarily puzzled and talking to each other . 
 then they walked away . 
 when they reached where james was standing , both men stopped . 
 one leaned in . 
 it looked as if he was whispering something in james ' ear . 
 the other man discreetly single-punched james in his right side ribcage . 
 james winced and hunched over , ever so slightly . 
 the two bullies then walked the remaining distance of dock 14 , passed through the gate , and disappeared into the crowd on the pier . 
 james waited a couple of minutes and walked back to the gas dock . 
 albert guessed his ego was probably bruised more than his ribs . 
 he decided to check on james later in the day . 
 the surprise visitors were albert 's highest concern , at least right now . 
 he had been the only patron at the coffee shop earlier that morning . 
 his only conversation about the owner had been with veronica . 
 why would she feel the need to share his inquiry with those goons ? 
 were the goons really watching him from the owner ? 
 did they visit the coffee shop after he left , asking about him ? 
 on the other hand , did she call them herself ? 
 it did n't make sense . 
 the scam artist on the street knew nothing of albert 's interest in the owner . 
 it was a very low possibility that guy had any responsibility for the visit . 
 it had to be veronica . 
 why , though ? 
 albert put the situation in the back of his mind on a slow simmer . 
 he had something more important on his mind . 
 lunch . 
 chapter 10 remons sweated liberally underneath his imported , hand crafted italian suit . 
 it was time for the stranger to arrive . 
 the private numbered mobile phone rang , startling remons , again . 
 he looked at it with wide eyes . 
 it was an unknown number , just like the call earlier that morning . 
 he answered cautiously , `` hello . '' 
 the voice said , `` i will be late for our meeting . '' 
 then there was silence . 
 the caller had hung up . 
 karl remons was not a fearful man , at least not usually . 
 he said aloud , `` what the hell is going on ? 
 who is this guy , and why am i scared of him ? '' 
 he did n't know what to do next . 
 stay in the office , waiting like a problem child in the school principal 's office ? 
 ignore the caller and go about his normal business ? 
 why was he frozen in fear ? 
 remons private phone was unique . 
 it routed inbound and outbound calls through a series of forwarded phone numbers , spread out around the world . 
 it was nearly impossible to trace its location , and it was completely impossible to trace it to karl remons ' identity . 
 he looked at the private phone . 
 how did the caller get his number ? 
 still holding the private phone , he called bill shefford . 
 bill noticed his phone vibrating ; he looked at the screen . 
 it read caller unknown . 
 he answered on the third ring . 
 `` hello , bill shefford speaking . '' 
 `` bill , it 's karl . 
 the mystery caller did not show . 
 he called again . 
 said he would be late . '' 
 bill detected the depth of remons ' concern . 
 he was rarely on a first name basis with remons . 
 `` so , no idea what the kook wants ? 
 what time is the rescheduled meeting ? '' 
 remons replied , `` i do n't know ! 
 he just said he would be late . 
 what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 `` karl , i would forget it . 
 it 's probably just some guy trying to scam you . '' 
 bill added , `` let 's have a drink later and talk about it . 
 that work for you ? '' 
 remons calmed down . 
 his senses were returning , along with his not-so-charming personality . 
 `` fuck off , bill . 
 i do n't need a therapist . '' 
 bill looked at his phone , reading the words , call ended , on the display . 
 as normal , remons had hung up on him . 
 bill sighed . 
 swiveling his imported leather chair , he looked out the nearby windows and casually watched the activity below . 
 the main floor of remons global research & development occupied nearly two hundred thousand square feet . 
 it was a unique structure , having been fully designed and constructed by remons global . 
 a geometrically perfect circle , the round building was five hundred feet in diameter , with the roof one hundred feet above the main floor . 
 the office portion of the building , called the hub , was positioned in the center of the larger structure . 
 it was of a smaller diameter , but equally round and tall . 
 the hub had seven floors . 
 the six lowest floors were cubicle farms . 
 the seventh floor was exclusively for bill shefford . 
 his office was not as opulent as remons , but it was a close second . 
 the elevator and stairwell were in the center of the room . 
 there were floor to ceiling windows around the complete perimeter . 
 the floor was separated , like pie slices , in three sections , including his office , a private living space , and a conference room . 
 the chair squeaked as bill stood up . 
 he walked across the room to the coffee machine . 
 he pressed the cappuccino button and waited for the cup to fill . 
 cup in hand , he began the observation walk . 
 the floor 's design allowed bill a 360-degree walking view of the operations below . 
 he strolled four full circles along the windows , stopping intermittently to stare at the activities below . 
 the windows were angled ; angled in a way similar to airport control tower windows . 
 the windows were perfectly transparent , without even the slightest hint of privacy . 
 he wanted the workers to know - he was watching . 
 the cappuccino had made its way through bill 's system . 
 he walked out the office and to the small apartment . 
 after leaving the bathroom , bill picked up an apple from the kitchen and headed back to the office . 
 he thought about his house ; it was only ten miles down the road . 
 he could only recall sleeping there four nights over the past year . 
 bill lived in his office apartment and rarely went home . 
 remons global , primarily karl remons himself , consumed bill shefford 's life . 
 it had not always been this bad . 
 bill shefford became an employee of remons global following an acquisition . 
 he was a design engineer , concentrating on steam turbine generator enhancements . 
 one day in 1993 , he showed up for work , but things looked different . 
 the signs on the building were new ; they now prominently read - remons global -- plant 7 . 
 his employer had sold out to remons global . 
 bill continued working at the plant , always finding something to improve in their designs . 
 the facility was located near las vegas , nevada . 
 his boss was the vice president of engineering . 
 they got along well , and bill was content with his lot in life . 
 that changed in 2005 . 
 his boss failed to show up for work one monday . 
 over the weekend , the man had died of an unexpected heart attack . 
 that same day , remons traveled to plant 7 to pay his respects . 
 bill was unaware of remons ' visit to the las vegas plant ; that was until karl remons stepped in his office . 
 karl remons stood there , silently staring for a few moments . 
 finally , he uttered a short statement and walked away . 
 bill was shocked . 
 even today , the spoken statement was indelibly marked on bill 's brain . 
 karl remons had said , `` you are the new vice president of engineering . 
 do n't fuck up like the old vp . '' 
 bill thrived in his new job . 
 the division was always exceeding both energy efficiency and total cost of ownership requirements . 
 his performance generated massive growth in remons global profitability . 
 in 2006 , bill heard rumors of a new facility under construction in oakland , california . 
 by 2007 , the physical building was taking shape , and the signs were installed . 
 they read , `` under construction -- remons global -- plant 1 - research & development center . '' 
 plant 1 existed already . 
 it was established in 1993 , in los angeles , california , as the first manufacturing site for remons global . 
 when the new plant 1 opened , remons bulldozed the old plant and sold the land . 
 he was quoted as saying , `` you ca n't live in the past . 
 the los angeles plant was the past . 
 we are moving to the future . '' 
 the new building was magnificent . 
 it sat in the middle of twenty acres and rose majestically above the land . 
 a steel reinforced , eighteen-foot high fence circled the building . 
 one morning , in early 2008 , bill received an unexpected call from elizabeth . 
 he was in las vegas , at plant 7 , still working as vice president of engineering . 
 she said remons wanted to meet in san francisco later in the day . 
 she had already arranged for a company jet to transport him . 
 bill drove to the local airport , climbed aboard a 6-passenger jet , and arrived at oakland airport less than an hour later . 
 a chauffeured car was waiting to shuttle bill to the remons office in downtown san francisco . 
 bill arrived and entered remons office . 
 karl remons poured them each a drink . 
 they spent ten minutes sipping the drinks ; all the while remons said nothing . 
 when they finished , remons said , `` we are taking a trip . '' 
 bill had been puzzled all day . 
 remons behavior was permanently unpredictable . 
 this time , however , he was acting even more unusual . 
 remons led bill to the private elevator and pressed the `` up '' button . 
 the doors opened , they both entered , and remons pressed the `` h '' button . 
 on the rooftop , the helicopter rotor blades were turning , already having anticipated their arrival . 
 they climbed aboard . 
 remons said nothing . 
 ten minutes later , the pilot landed atop the new building in oakland -- they had arrived at plant 1 . 
 the two men stepped from the helicopter and walked to the elevator . 
 after entering the elevator , remons pressed `` 7 '' . 
 the doors closed briefly as the elevator descended , and then they opened on the seventh floor . 
 remons stepped from the elevator , but held the doors open with one hand . 
 with his other hand , he handed bill a set of keys . 
 he made a short statement , and then he stepped back on the elevator . 
 bill was left alone on the seventh floor of the new plant . 
 remons had picked him to run plant 1 . 
 remons had said , `` take it for a test drive . 
 keep it if you want . 
 do n't quit . 
 do n't crash . '' 
 chapter 11 it was 2:05 pm , on the first day of summer . 
 albert walked to the galley . 
 there was a circuit breaker panel mounted on the bulkhead separating the galley from the bridge . 
 two switches regulated power to the central heat and air circulation system . 
 one switch controlled the microwave . 
 another switch was for the refrigerator and freezer . 
 albert was standing there for the next switch ; it turned on the water heater . 
 he flipped it to the on position . 
 albert was past his expiration date and smelled a little rotten . 
 he wanted a shave and a hot shower . 
 he left the galley , walked forward through the passageway , and then to his cabin . 
 he decided to pick out some fresh clothes , while he waited for the water to heat . 
 the afternoon temperatures were pleasant . 
 but , he expected the evening would be much cooler . 
 a wireless computer tablet was mounted on the cabin wall . 
 he touched the screen to wake it . 
 then he pressed the weather icon , selecting yes , when asked if this was his new location . 
 scrolling through the hourly forecast , it looked like overnight temperatures would cool to the low sixties . 
 breezes were expected to strengthen at sunset . 
 albert enjoyed watching baseball games , but only if he was not cold . 
 avoiding a chilled body was a high priority to him . 
 he picked a pair of levi 's , a golden yellow long sleeve button down shirt , and a pullover cable knit sweater . 
 for shoes , it had to be the leather deck shoes . 
 albert hung the clothes in the head . 
 he spread shaving cream on his two-day-old stubble , opened a fresh razor , the five small blades type , and shaved his face smooth . 
 then , he cleaned up the sink and mirror . 
 he checked the water temperature monitor on the wall near the shower . 
 it indicated one hundred eight degrees . 
 he stepped in , turned the faucet knobs , and enjoyed the refreshing , hot shower . 
 after drying off , he walked to the galley and switched off the water heater . 
 he walked back to his room , got dressed , and returned to the salon . 
 it was time to eat something . 
 he picked up the electronic tablet and surveyed the outside area , as seen from the masthead camera . 
 neither james , nor the goons , was anywhere to be seen . 
 still , just being cautious , albert decided to carry a small gun . 
 he opted for the ruger sr9c . 
 it was a compact nine-millimeter pistol featuring a ten-round clip . 
 albert stored the gun in the galley . 
 it was hidden from view in a custom cubbyhole just below the galley sink . 
 albert removed the gun , checked the safety lock , and tucked it under his belt along his lower back . 
 he pulled the sweater over the gun . 
 he climbed the forward companionway staircase and stepped in the bridge . 
 then , he opened the port side bridge door . 
 fresh air blew through the cockpit . 
 he stepped up on the deck , closed the door , and locked it securely . 
 albert wandered slowly around the perimeter of teleport 's deck , surveying his surroundings . 
 satisfied there were not any obvious threats , albert double-checked both bridge doors and set the final alarm circuit . 
 he stepped off the deck and onto the dock , walked its length , and passed through the security gate . 
 ----- the last thing he remembered was closing the gate . 
 now , he was in the water , with someone grabbing at his flailing arms . 
 his neck and right shoulder were in pain . 
 `` give me your hand ! '' 
 james yelled at albert . 
 `` hurry up or you 'll drown ! '' 
 albert lifted his right hand to james , while also trying to grasp the edge of the dock with his left hand . 
 after a lot of combined effort , albert was laying on the dock like a half dead fish . 
 albert gasped , `` what happened ? '' 
 james looked surprised . 
 `` really ? 
 you did n't see the guy ? 
 the one that hit you ? 
 some dude , he was wearing sunglasses and carrying a baseball bat . 
 he hit you from behind , and then pushed you in the water . 
 i was at the gas dock . 
 saw it all . 
 ran as fast as i could to save you . '' 
 albert was recovering . 
 he had been mugged on the first day of summer ; both his birthday and the anniversary of his father 's death ! 
 he checked his pockets . 
 nothing was missing ; his wallet , his phone , and the gun were all there . 
 now he was pissed off . 
 this was no mugging . 
 it was remons ' goons . 
 albert shakily stood up . 
 james reached for albert 's arm and attempted to steady him . 
 `` do n't get up . 
 you need to go the hospital . 
 i think that guy was trying to kill you . '' 
 `` thanks , james . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 thanks for coming to my aid . 
 i really appreciate you dragging me out of the water . 
 you saved my life . '' 
 albert continued , `` i just need to rest . '' 
 he opened the gate and began to slowly walk back to teleport . 
 `` captain , you want some help ? 
 i really think you need a doctor . '' 
 albert stopped and looked back . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 just need some rest . 
 thank you . '' 
 james replied , `` no problem , captain . 
 i would do it for anyone . 
 just bein ' a good person , that 's all . 
 call me if you need anything . '' 
 james then asked , `` guess you are leaving , now . 
 you know , ` cause of the mugging , and all . 
 nice meeting you , captain . '' 
 albert shook his head , `` no . 
 i 'm sticking around . 
 i 'll see you later today . 
 i 'm sure . '' 
 he continued the painful walk back to teleport . 
 he stepped aboard , turned off the alarm , and opened the starboard door . 
 once on the bridge , he closed and locked the door . 
 he climbed gingerly down the forward companionway stairs , wobbled to the galley , and crumbled to the floor . 
 he passed out . 
 some time passed . 
 albert awoke , uncertain how long he had slept . 
 he was face down on the galley floor . 
 at first , he could n't remember what happened , but the dull ache in his shoulder quickly brought back the memory of his near drowning experience . 
 his strength was slowly returning . 
 albert reached up to the counter and pulled himself back to a vertical stance . 
 he removed the waterlogged wallet from his pocket , opened it , and spread the contents across the countertop . 
 he placed the phone and pistol on the counter . 
 albert leaned there , staring at the two wet items . 
 he had a big problem . 
 it was n't the gun ; he had plenty of those . 
 it was the smartphone ; his sentry alarm for teleport . 
 he had an extra phone , but it was the only backup . 
 his safety system was no longer redundant . 
 he walked to the head and shed the wet clothes . 
 there was no time to launder them , so he stuffed everything into a plastic bag . 
 he walked naked to his cabin and found a similar , replacement outfit . 
 he opened a cabinet below his bed , pulling out a new pair of shoes . 
 they were still in the box . 
 he said aloud , `` bastards . '' 
 he was cussing the goons as he unwrapped the shoes . 
 `` i was saving this pair for next year . '' 
 albert walked to the shower in the head . 
 however , he was n't there for another bath . 
 during teleport 's construction , albert took two months to design the concealed office . 
 he required the room to be easily accessible , yet be only accessible by him . 
 no one else knew exactly how to reach the hidden doorway . 
 the first line of disguise was the moveable bulkhead . 
 however , moveable meant , `` not attached . '' 
 not attached meant the false bulkhead would vibrate , it would have visible seams , and it would deflect under external pressure . 
 any of the aforementioned would threaten the hidden nature of the office . 
 in the end , albert designed a simple solution . 
 a redundant system for hiding the office entrance was complete . 
 albert laughed , as he unlocked the two hidden latches , one upper and one lower , located on the right side of the shower stall . 
 as he pulled , the shower stall pivoted on its hinges . 
 the shower drain and plumbing moved with the stall ; the hoses having been installed with sufficient length to allow ease of movement . 
 standing in the floor where the shower once stood , albert pressed two buttons , one on each side of the cubby area vacated by the shower . 
 each button appeared to be a functional screw head , like the other twenty screws equidistantly spaced along the walls . 
 the action of pressing the buttons engaged four solenoids , one on the top of the door , two along the vertical length and one on the bottom . 
 then , the computer system sent a final command for the open door sequence . 
 a fifth solenoid pushed the door , opening it into the small office . 
 at fifteen inches wide , the doorway was very narrow . 
 there was no reason for any extra width . 
 albert walked to the galley , picked up the phone and gun , and returned to the office . 
 he stepped through the opening , turned on the lights , and gazed at his secret office . 
 it was more similar in size to a small walk in closet . 
 nevertheless , it met his needs perfectly . 
 albert needed to hurry . 
 he disassembled the ruger sr9c . 
 after ten minutes , with a lint free cloth and some mineral oil , the gun looked good as new . 
 he had stopped any further damage caused by the salt water , but had no intention of carrying the gun today . 
 it would have to be tested , later , after he was on the open water . 
 next came the phone . 
 this was a more delicate surgery . 
 it took albert twenty minutes to disassemble it and wash the components with alcohol . 
 he left the individual parts to air dry on the table . 
 another weapon in his arsenal had been benched , for the moment . 
 albert opened one of the overhead cabinets and removed a different ruger sr9c . 
 then , he unplugged a duplicate smartphone from its charger on the wall . 
 he turned on the phone and double-checked its connectivity . 
 it was an electronic clone of his other phone , the one now drying out from its unplanned swim . 
 back in business , albert closed up the cabinets and stepped out of the tiny office . 
 he put the replacement phone in his pocket and the replacement gun under his belt . 
 other than a really sore neck , and his shoulder turning purple , albert was as ready as possible . 
 albert reversed his sequence , first closing the small doorway with the screw head buttons , then pivoting the shower into position , and finally latching it securely . 
 he walked back to the galley and put his wallet back together . 
 it was a little soggy , but was functional . 
 `` ding . 
 ding . 
 round 2 starts now . '' 
 he said loudly , as he headed for the forward companionway stairs . 
 chapter 12 karl remons was lying on the cold marble floor ; wide streaks of dark red spread all around him . 
 remons had hand picked the marble flooring -- each individual slab . 
 the marble was almost pure white , with exception of the dark red veins . 
 the veins were almost the color of blood , and he loved the appearance . 
 the craftsmen spent four days installing the floor . 
 remons selected the exact placement of each slab . 
 remons sat up . 
 he was no longer sweating , but still felt paralyzed by the situation with the strange caller . 
 two hours had passed since the caller had said , `` i 'll be late . '' 
 how late was he going to be ? 
 was this a joke ? 
 no , it could n't be . 
 no one joked with karl remons . 
 joking with karl remons ended in a quick exit for the prankster . 
 it was friday afternoon . 
 normally , remons enjoyed this day of the week . 
 friday was hunting day . 
 there was always some type of game in season . 
 he hated missing any opportunity for a successful and productive hunt . 
 `` screw this ! '' 
 remons screamed loudly . 
 `` no nameless , faceless jackass is going to ruin my day ! '' 
 no one could hear him . 
 therefore , no doting lemming came running to his side to offer assistance . 
 remons reached for his desk , as leverage . 
 he pulled himself up , walked to his chair , and buzzed elizabeth . 
 when she answered , he said , `` get the pilot on the roof . 
 now ! '' 
 then he hung up the phone . 
 elizabeth got up from her desk and ran across the hallway . 
 the sign on the office door read `` helicopter pilot '' . 
 remons did not allow his employees to have nameplates , at least not any that included the actual name of the employee . 
 he believed employees were most productive when they felt threatened and insecure . 
 he also believed names on nameplates created lazy and complacent employees . 
 elizabeth knocked and opened the door . 
 `` your turn , max . 
 i do n't know where you are taking him . 
 he wants to leave now . '' 
 `` no worries . 
 this should get him out of your hair for the rest of the day . '' 
 max was remons personal helicopter pilot , right now . 
 he had been with remons global for six months , a relatively long time for flying remons around . 
 remons usually fired a pilot within a month of hire . 
 elizabeth said , `` thanks . 
 good luck with the weekend . 
 i hope that the bastard will drink himself silly tonight . 
 it sure would be nice to enjoy a saturday without him calling . '' 
 max walked out of the office and headed to the stairwell . 
 he ran up the stairs , skipping every other step . 
 once on the roof , max walked to the helicopter . 
 he completed his visual walk around , released the tie down straps , and climbed into the left front seat . 
 max knew the start up sequence , but followed the written checklist anyway . 
 once the engines were running and rotation engaged , max texted elizabeth . 
 `` i 'm ready . 
 send him up . '' 
 elizabeth texted remons , `` the helicopter is ready for your arrival . '' 
 again , there would be no courtesy response from remons . 
 remons walked over to his private elevator and pressed the `` up '' arrow . 
 the doors opened and he stepped inside . 
 this was his exclusive use elevator , installed only to travel between his office and the rooftop . 
 he pressed `` h '' , the doors closed , the elevator moved upward , and the doors opened . 
 remons walked to the helicopter and climbed in his private rear cabin . 
 he pressed the intercom button , barking at max , `` take me to the other building . '' 
 max smiled . 
 he had guessed correctly . 
 they were flying less than one mile away . 
 max lifted off . 
 less than a minute later , he landed the helicopter on the staff office building . 
 as remons opened the cabin door , he pressed the intercom , and yelled , `` stay here ! '' 
 then he got out and walked to the rooftop elevator . 
 as he stepped on the elevator , a wide smile crossed his face . 
 `` here we go , boys . 
 who 's for dinner tonight ? '' 
 the senior management team occupied three floors of the building , floors 23 , 24 , and 25 . 
 this had always presented a challenge for remons . 
 every week , he would ponder which floor to pick . 
 today , he devised a new solution for the problem . 
 the building stood thirty-one stories tall . 
 remons first pressed the button for the ground floor , sending the elevator down along its path . 
 now with his thumbs , one on each of two buttons , and his right index finger on the third , he waited . 
 this was all a big joke to him . 
 as the elevator passed floor 26 , remons pressed all the buttons simultaneously and yelled , `` let the gods decide ! '' 
 he laughed loudly . 
 the elevator doors opened on floor 24 . 
 remons eased slowly to the edge of the elevator door . 
 he quietly and discretely surveyed the environment . 
 he was n't quiet enough . 
 the herds sighted him and chaos erupted around the office . 
 well-educated , highly paid men were scurrying around ; sensing imminent death like crazed cattle in the slaughter yard . 
 `` what a day to be alive ! '' 
 remons said loudly . 
 remons strolled casually around the offices . 
 he stopped periodically , chatting with three different managers about nothing important . 
 just getting in some `` face time '' as he would sometimes say . 
 then , he spotted the rare animal in its natural environment , just briefly , from the corner of his right eye . 
 he could not remember the prey 's name , exactly . 
 it may be rogers ? 
 no , rogerson ! 
 that was it . 
 he had to be cunning , lest his prey slip out of his sights , escaping through a stairwell or elevator . 
 remons seemingly ignored the prey , turning down an aisle and increasing the spacing between himself and rogerson . 
 then , remons pounced . 
 not so gazelle like , remons pushed aside a man sitting at a desk , stepped in his now empty chair , stepped on the desk , jumped over the cubicle wall and across another employee 's desk , finally reaching the aisle where his prey stood frozen . 
 `` rogerson ! '' 
 remons voice boomed , as he stared at the prey . 
 ted rogerson was the vice president of international operations , responsible for the asia region . 
 he joined remons global in 1993 and had recently received his 20-year service award . 
 `` yes , sir , '' rogerson replied . 
 he was already turning pale . 
 `` done ! 
 finished ! 
 go home . 
 buy a lottery ticket . 
 you ca n't have that bad of luck ! '' 
 remons then turned around , facing the other people in the office . 
 he yelled loudly , `` i expect better results on monday ! '' 
 walking back to the elevator , remons was laughing again , now much , much louder . 
 today 's firing would encourage everyone to work all weekend . 
 no one knew what he meant by `` better results on monday . '' 
 hell , even remons himself did n't know what he meant . 
 it was just a nebulous and intimidating command designed to inflict the most possible fear . 
 the elevator doors opened on the roof , and he walked back to the helicopter . 
 max opened the cabin door for remons . 
 he climbed in , saying nothing more than , `` the owner . '' 
 chapter 13 it was 4:30 pm , on the first day of summer . 
 after locking up teleport , albert walked swiftly down the pier . 
 this day was not going the way he had planned . 
 it was time for things to get back on track . 
 working in the auto industry , he knew first hand the pressure of playing catch up . 
 when a stamping press stopped working , the race to get it repaired started . 
 once the press was again operational , the production operators had to work harder . 
 they had to work longer hours . 
 they had to be creative and get more products out in less time . 
 albert passed through the security gate , making sure it closed behind him . 
 he headed toward the gas dock . 
 walking in the small dockside storefront , albert looked through the window and saw james perched on a stool . 
 he was slouched over , his left shoulder leaning against the wall . 
 he was asleep . 
 albert pushed open the door and a bell above the door jingled , waking james . 
 `` hey , captain , '' james said with a slight smile , as he opened his eyes . 
 `` feeling better ? 
 those guys did n't bust you up too badly , did they ? '' 
 albert looked at him puzzled , `` what ` those guys ' are you talking about ? 
 you said one guy assaulted me , and that he was wearing sunglasses and carrying a bat . 
 what gives ? '' 
 james was n't bothered by the discrepancy . 
 `` yeah , of course it was the one guy that hit you . 
 i 'm just kinda guessing it was the guys who ruffled our feathers earlier in the day . 
 no worries , dude . 
 we are on the same side here . '' 
 albert smiled and dropped the subject . 
 `` i 'm headed out for a quick dinner . 
 care to join me ? 
 i feel bad about you getting hassled on my account earlier today . '' 
 james jumped off the stool . 
 he was awake now . 
 `` sure ! 
 i was closing up the gas dock for the night , anyway . 
 can you wait ten minutes while i lock everything up ? '' 
 `` tell you what . 
 meet me over at the coffee shop , the one on the end of the pier . 
 the one where the young waitress works . '' 
 `` veronica ? 
 yeah . 
 sure ! 
 i know the place . 
 i 'll be there in a jiffy , captain . '' 
 james shot off the goofy salute again . 
 it was getting obnoxious , but james was harmless . 
 albert guessed james enjoyed having someone around who treated him like an actual person . 
 james was probably invisible to most of the yacht owners , the yachties as they were sometimes called . 
 albert walked out of the gas dock store , found the pathway back to the main pier attraction area , and weaved his way to the coffee shop . 
 he was about fifty feet away and had already spotted veronica . 
 `` good , she 's still working '' , he thought to himself . 
 albert slowed his pace to a casual stroll , took a few deep breaths , and finished walking the distance . 
 she noticed him walking up to her small establishment . 
 `` hi , veronica , '' albert wanted to get in the first word . 
 `` hi there . 
 albert , right ? '' 
 veronica said with her cheerful smile . 
 she had been working for ten long hours . 
 there was still an abnormal abundance of cheer , but it was seriously toned down from earlier in the day . 
 `` back for more ? 
 i was closing up , but there 's always time for more coffee . '' 
 albert replied , `` if you do n't mind , i would like a cup . 
 it does n't have to be fresh . '' 
 `` do n't be silly , '' veronica was laughing now . 
 `` i do n't serve stale coffee to anyone . 
 bad for business . '' 
 albert wanted some questions answered , before james showed up . 
 he pressed on . 
 `` did anyone stop by this morning asking about me ? 
 after i left ? 
 maybe someone from the owner ? '' 
 veronica looked surprised by the question . 
 `` no . 
 were you expecting someone ? '' 
 albert shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` not really . 
 i bumped into a couple of guys this afternoon . 
 it was nothing . 
 do n't worry about it . '' 
 about that time , james was running up . 
 `` ready , captain ! 
 hey , veronica . '' 
 veronica grinned at him . 
 `` hi , james . 
 want some coffee ? 
 it 's on the house . '' 
 james smiled back at her . 
 `` no , thanks . 
 the captain and me , we ... '' he liked veronica , having asked her out on three occasions . 
 he felt guilty that she was not invited to dinner . 
 albert jumped in to save james . 
 `` james is keeping an eye on my boat while i 'm in town . 
 i 'm treating him to dinner , as a special thank you . '' 
 looking at james , but talking to veronica , he said , `` you are welcome to join us . 
 that is , if james does n't mind . '' 
 james enthusiastically replied , `` no . 
 i do n't mind at all . '' 
 `` thanks , anyway . 
 i 'm busy this evening . 
 friday night with my sister . 
 i appreciate the invite , though . 
 you two boys have fun . 
 i need to get the store closed up . '' 
 with that comment , she turned and walked away . 
 albert looked at james , shrugged , and said , `` let 's eat . 
 what are you -- '' he was interrupted by a huge gust of wind , along with the deafening sounds of a helicopter . 
 remons ' helicopter was touching down on the landing pad of the owner . 
 `` take a look at that , captain ! '' 
 james exclaimed . 
 `` what a way to travel . 
 you know that guy makes waves everywhere he goes . 
 i wish i had that kinda dough . '' 
 albert was n't listening to james . 
 his mind was racing . 
 another opportunity to eat was about to be lost . 
 getting back on schedule was more important . 
 he said , `` listen carefully . 
 dinner has to wait . 
 i need to have a talk with the guys on the owner . '' 
 james shook his head , saying , `` captain , stay away from there . 
 it 's not a good idea . 
 that dude , remons , he 's bad news . 
 he does n't like strangers . '' 
 albert said , `` thanks for the warning . 
 i have some business with remons . 
 do n't worry . 
 i can handle myself . '' 
 changing the subject , he said , `` are you doing anything tonight ? 
 in a hurry to get home to the family ? '' 
 james seemed sullen . 
 `` no , i do n't have any plans . 
 there 's no family . 
 just me . '' 
 albert disappointed himself . 
 he had guessed an incorrect story about james . 
 he had an idea . 
 `` i told you earlier about the game - giants and marlins . 
 the game starts at 7:15 . 
 let 's kill two birds with one proverbial stone . 
 we can watch the game , eat some bratwurst , and knock back a couple of beers . '' 
 james grinned . 
 `` i 'm not sure about the rocks and birds . 
 but baseball , brats and beer sounds awesome ! '' 
 `` it 's settled , then . 
 let 's meet back here at the coffee shop at 6:30 . 
 but first , i need a favor . '' 
 albert discreetly removed the gun from his belt . 
 `` i need you to take this back to the gas dock . 
 hide it somewhere in your store . 
 do not tell anyone . '' 
 james looked pale . 
 `` sure , captain . '' 
 then he perked up , saluted , and said , `` at your service . '' 
 `` i mean it , james . 
 do n't play with it . 
 do n't shoot it . 
 just go hide it and meet me back here at 6:30 . 
 we can pick it up after the game . '' 
 james started walking away . 
 `` no problem . 
 i 'm good at following instructions . 
 see you at 6:30 . 
 thanks again for inviting me . 
 i want to see a grand slam . 
 always a bunch of fireworks when that happens ! '' 
 albert had a second problem -- the phone and wallet . 
 he could not risk losing them , at the hands of the guards aboard the owner . 
 he noticed veronica locking up the coffee shop . 
 it was primarily an outdoor venue . 
 the kitchen and service counter were in a small building . 
 also inside were a few small tables and a long , narrow bar top table . 
 most days , the patrons would place their orders inside , choosing the outside tables to enjoy the food and drink . 
 albert walked over to the door , startling her . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 did n't intend to scare you . '' 
 veronica waved off the apology . 
 `` i thought you and james were going to eat , '' she replied . 
 albert said , `` not yet . 
 we decided to go to the game tonight , instead . 
 lots of good stuff to eat there . '' 
 he smiled at her , trying to warm the conversation for his big request . 
 `` listen , i need a favor . 
 you do n't know me . 
 and , i really would not blame you , if you said no . '' 
 veronica said nothing , but `` no '' was already written on her face . 
 he continued , `` some guy tried to mug me earlier today . 
 it was -- '' she interrupted , `` are you okay ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i think maybe james scared them away . 
 it happened near the guest docks . '' 
 veronica glanced around the area . 
 `` watch him -- james . 
 he 's a freelancer . '' 
 she pointed to the owner . 
 `` james worked for remons , a few years back . 
 supposedly , he just works the gas dock now . 
 he was fired from remons ' staff . 
 i heard he was incompetent . 
 that probably means he has a conscience . '' 
 `` wow , '' albert said , as he now thought about james ' different versions of the mugging story . 
 `` so ? 
 why did you tell me about the mugging ? '' 
 albert continued , `` the mugger , he did n't take my wallet or phone . 
 the point is i 'm a little nervous to walk around on the streets , with my wallet and phone . 
 i know its stupid to worry that it could happen again . 
 anyway , will you lock up my wallet and phone inside the coffee shop tonight ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 that 's not a big favor . 
 it 's nothing . 
 i 'll see you in the morning , then , for coffee ? '' 
 albert dropped the big request . 
 `` yes , i will be here for coffee in the morning . 
 but i really need my wallet and phone tonight - after the game . '' 
 she said nothing . 
 her face was doing the talking . 
 it was saying , `` hell , no ! '' 
 he continued , `` like i said , you do n't know me . 
 but , can i borrow a spare key to the store ? 
 i 'll pick up my stuff late tonight and lock up the place again . 
 i promise not to steal anything , and i certainly wo n't tell your boss . '' 
 she was frowning . 
 he had crossed the line . 
 `` first , i 'm the boss . 
 i own this place . 
 i started this business , and i work hard everyday to stay in business . '' 
 albert apologized , `` i really am sorry . 
 i just assumed otherwise . 
 it was insensitive . '' 
 veronica continued , `` second , i do not know you . 
 however , i believe most people are inherently good . 
 that is most people . '' 
 she was staring at the owner . 
 `` anyway , i will give you a key . 
 there 's nothing in there to steal , except for bags of coffee , tea , and frozen food . 
 the cash receipts have already been picked up . 
 tomorrow 's opening cash is locked in the safe . 
 i doubt you can do any harm . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'll pay you back for the fav -- '' she kept talking . 
 `` know this : i believe most people are good . 
 but , just in case , i will take pictures of your wallet contents . 
 if i come in tomorrow , and my place is trashed , the pictures go to the cops . 
 is it agreed ? '' 
 albert smiled , `` deal ! 
 thank you . '' 
 with that settled , veronica opened the door , and they went inside . 
 albert pulled out his wallet , opened it , and removed its contents . 
 he placed each item on the counter . 
 there were the usual items : a michigan drivers license , two credit cards , and three hundred dollars in cash . 
 not so unusual , there also were two magnetic key cards . 
 veronica used her phone and snapped pictures of each item . 
 then , albert put his wallet back together . 
 he placed it , along with the phone , underneath the service counter . 
 veronica turned off the lights and walked out of the store . 
 albert watched her lock the door and set the alarm . 
 she said , `` here 's the spare key . 
 the alarm code is 1-9-9-7 . '' 
 albert stood there stunned . 
 veronica noticed , saying , `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , sorry . '' 
 he had to know why . 
 `` i know a little about human behavior . 
 that key combination is n't very secure . 
 most people choose some significant year . 
 it 's usually something easy for criminals to figure out -- like a birthday or graduation or marriage year . '' 
 he continued , `` you are not sixteen years old . 
 and i doubt you graduated school , or were married , at a really young age . '' 
 she said , `` you are on the right path . 
 it does have significance . 
 my mom died shortly after i was born . 
 my dad raised my sister and me as a single parent . 
 he died in 1997 . 
 i was nine years old . '' 
 she pointed at the sign , saying , `` i named it , dad 's coffee & more , after him . 
 he loved coffee and coffee making machines . 
 he was always on a search for the perfect coffee maker . 
 by the time he died , dad owned thirty-six coffee making machines . 
 they filled a small room in our home . '' 
 albert said , `` that 's a wonderful story . 
 your dad would be really proud of you . 
 i need to get going . 
 thanks again for the favor . 
 i 'll be around early in the morning for some coffee . 
 what time do you open the store on saturdays ? '' 
 her cheerful disposition suddenly reappeared . 
 `` six ! 
 rain or shine , summer and winter , hot or cold ! 
 i 'm just like the mailman . 
 i just deliver caffeine instead of mail ! 
 very predictable . '' 
 albert said , `` so , i 'll see you in the morning . 
 it may not be six , exactly . 
 however , i will be here . 
 i 'm not predictable , but i am very loyal . '' 
 albert walked away , heading toward the embarcadero . 
 part of the way there , he stopped by a bench and sat down . 
 removing the shoe from his left foot , he lifted the cushioned liner and placed the key beneath . 
 he was n't worried about losing the key to dad 's coffee & more . 
 he was worried about losing his shoes . 
 if he lost his shoes , that meant remons had won . 
 albert would probably be dead , and that would be a bigger problem . 
 chapter 14 elizabeth sent veronica a text message , saying , `` i 'm leaving work now . 
 are you home yet ? '' 
 walking along lombard street , veronica read the message . 
 she responded , `` almost home . 
 baker 's place and the drinks are calling . '' 
 veronica arrived at their apartment and walked up three flights of stairs . 
 she unlocked the knob and the deadbolt . 
 sighing , she opened the door , walked in , and fell on the sofa . 
 she wanted to get in a few minutes of sleep . 
 the apartment was a modest , two bedroom unit . 
 the sisters shared a bathroom . 
 there was little distinction separating the kitchen from the living room . 
 it was more of a single room ; kitchen appliances along one wall and living furniture along the windows overlooking the street . 
 a narrow table set along the entry door wall , with a small television resting atop it . 
 veronica woke to the sound of the entry door unlocking . 
 she looked at the wall clock , saying , `` a twenty minute catnap . 
 perfect ! '' 
 before elizabeth could make it fully through the doorway , veronica was off the sofa and hugging her sister . 
 `` friday night . 
 let 's unwind ! '' 
 elizabeth closed the door and smiled at veronica . 
 `` i agree . 
 it was another shitty day in remons tower . 
 how am i ever going to survive working there ? '' 
 veronica would allow no negative talk , not right now . 
 it was time to drink . 
 `` come on , debbie downer . '' 
 she hugged her big sister again , opened the door , and pushed her into the hallway . 
 they descended the three flights of stairs , returned to street level , and casually strolled toward baker 's place . 
 only two blocks away , it was their favorite friday night starting point . 
 two , three , or four drinks later , they would leave baker 's place and search out their next stop , a nice dinner in one of the nearby restaurants . 
 usually , they were home by eleven . 
 elizabeth worked most saturdays , and veronica worked every saturday . 
 the sisters did not struggle with any real money problems . 
 in exchange for elizabeth 's servitude , remons paid her more than one hundred thousand dollars each year . 
 veronica 's coffee shop revenues could not compete with her sister 's salary , but she still netted , on average , around one thousand dollars each week . 
 together , the women lived comfortably . 
 they worked hard for their lifestyle and neither one of them ever doubted it . 
 baker 's place was already brimming with patrons . 
 the sisters walked in and found a table overlooking the street . 
 the menus were on the table ; they remained closed . 
 this was their usual place , and both knew the menu by heart . 
 jeff came over to the table . 
 he was one of the waiters . 
 `` say , girls . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 elizabeth did not hesitate . 
 `` hey , jeff . 
 same shit as always . 
 now get me a drink ! '' 
 she pounded jokingly on the table and smiled at him . 
 `` you know what i want . 
 why did you waste time walking to the table ? '' 
 she was trying her best to impersonate remons . 
 veronica was laughing . 
 jeff smiled at her . 
 he whispered , `` you ai n't got it , liz . 
 the asshole syndrome starts from birth . 
 he 's been practicing a lot longer than you . '' 
 veronica jumped in , `` jeff , i want a maker 's on the rocks . 
 and , right behind that , bring me a shot of tequila . 
 you pick the brand . 
 i 'm ordering for liz . 
 she 's had a tough day and her decision-making abilities are gone . 
 she will have ... a vodka tonic , twist of lemon . 
 it should be followed immediately by a vodka tonic , twist of lemon . 
 got it ? '' 
 she started laughing . 
 every friday , this was their routine . 
 jeff , as well as the other servers , knew the drill . 
 he laughed at veronica , saying , `` yes , ma’am . 
 coming right up . '' 
 `` so , how was business today ? '' 
 elizabeth was talking to veronica , but staring off into space . 
 `` it was fine . 
 gross receipts right on track . 
 a normal friday . '' 
 veronica switched the subject . 
 `` liz , you have to leave the office at the office . 
 cheer up . '' 
 `` i can never get away . 
 look at me ! 
 i 've probably looked at the remons leash four times , and that 's just since we sat down . '' 
 she pointed to the phone lying precariously on the edge of the table . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 is there anything i can do to help ? '' 
 elizabeth seemed to relax . 
 `` you 're already doing it . 
 i 'm the one that should be sorry . 
 let 's enjoy the evening . 
 he probably already has the first drink down and is working on number two . 
 besides , once the game starts at seven , i definitely can stop worrying . 
 remons wo n't remember the end of the game . 
 hopefully , his hangover will be a killer , and i wo n't get a call until after lunch tomorrow . '' 
 veronica grinned . 
 `` yep , he 's already on the owner . 
 i was locking up as the helicopter was landing . '' 
 `` by the way , '' she continued . 
 `` remember that guy i told you about this morning ? '' 
 jeff walked up , interrupting the conversation . 
 `` here you go , ladies . 
 drink slowly . 
 there are two guys at the bar already eyeballing the two of you . '' 
 he snickered and walked away . 
 elizabeth got the conversation back on track . 
 `` the guy from the marina ? 
 the one who showed up this morning in the big sailboat ? '' 
 veronica went on . 
 `` yes . 
 anyway , he stopped by again this afternoon , when i was locking up . 
 he wanted to know if anyone from the owner had asked about him . 
 he said that a couple of guys were hassling him today . 
 and , get this ! 
 he was also mugged . '' 
 `` wow . 
 bad first day on dry land for him . '' 
 elizabeth smirked and said sarcastically . 
 `` what did you say to him ? 
 is this man just some rich crazy person ? 
 you know ... there 's a few of those around these parts . '' 
 she laughed . 
 veronica frowned at her older sister . 
 `` do n't be so cynical . 
 no one asked about him . 
 that 's what i said when he asked . 
 it 's the truth . 
 i do n't think he 's crazy . 
 he left depressing , ugly michigan , and came to bright , sunny california . 
 there 's nothing crazy about that ! '' 
 they both giggled and finished off the first round . 
 the sisters yelled , at the same time , `` jeff ! '' 
 chapter 15 it was 5:32 pm , on the first day of summer . 
 albert walked to the embarcadero , turned left , and kept walking until he reached the pier where the owner floated . 
 he headed down the private walkway . 
 matching his pacing , two men walked from the end of the pier toward him . 
 albert said quietly , `` like i said , it 's round two . '' 
 the two men blocked any further progress for albert . 
 they were not from the earlier visit to teleport . 
 they had the same attitude , though , and were dressed exactly the same . 
 the first guard said , `` go away . 
 now . '' 
 albert was in the lion 's den . 
 it did not matter what was said at this point , either by him or remons ' goons . 
 `` three words ? 
 big vocab you have there . 
 i want to see remons . '' 
 the second guard pushed albert and laughed . 
 `` go . 
 now . '' 
 now it was albert 's turn in the abbreviated verbal sparring match they seemed to be having . 
 `` two words ? 
 you must still be in training . 
 what skill will let you graduate to three words ? '' 
 the first guard stepped forward . 
 `` leave now . 
 this pier is not safe . 
 there are no protective railings . 
 the water is very deep and very cold . '' 
 `` i see , '' albert , mused , looking upward as if in deep thought . 
 `` so , listen jackass , i have an opportunity for you . 
 this opportunity allows you to not look stupid with your boss . 
 this opportunity probably allows you to keep your job . 
 pass it up , and i 'm guessing remons may only have you fired , if you are lucky . 
 if you are unlucky , well ... who knows ? '' 
 he seemed to have the second guard 's attention . 
 the other man was a little less smart . 
 the second guard stepped forward . 
 `` what do you want with mr. remons ? '' 
 `` now , we are getting somewhere '' , albert thought . 
 then he said , `` just give him a message . 
 tell him the new owner is here . '' 
 albert was laughing to himself , thinking about the scam artist earlier in the day . 
 the second guard buckled . 
 he must be jockeying for a closer position to remons . 
 `` wait here . 
 i will be back . '' 
 with that , he headed down the pier , walked up the gangway , and boarded the owner . 
 once onboard , the guard proceeded to the forward staircase and climbed two flights of stairs . 
 remons was sitting on the upper deck . 
 he was drinking a martini and gazing at the golden gate bridge . 
 he noticed the guard approaching . 
 remons bellowed , `` what ? 
 i told everyone to leave me alone . 
 i thought you liked your job . '' 
 the guard responded , `` yes , sir . 
 i love my job . 
 sir , there 's some vagrant on the pier . 
 he 's insisting to see you . '' 
 remons seemed equally amused and angered . 
 he said , `` really ? 
 go away , dumbass . 
 i thought you were smarter ! '' 
 `` sir , '' the guard continued . 
 `` he made some weird comment . 
 he said to tell you ` the new owner was here ' . 
 i was n't sure what to do . '' 
 remons dropped his martini glass . 
 one of his attendants ran up , quickly cleaning the mess from the spilled drink . 
 speaking softly to the guard , remons said , `` do n't keep the man waiting . 
 bring him up here . '' 
 the guard was now a little shocked . 
 `` yes ? 
 yes , sir ! 
 right away , sir . '' 
 he scurried off , running back down the two sets of stairs and out on the pier . 
 returning , he whispered in the ear of his fellow guard . 
 hearing the news , the guard looked like a gut punch had hit him . 
 then he spoke . 
 `` mr. remons has agreed to see you . '' 
 the second guard said , `` follow me . '' 
 albert smiled at both of them and said nothing . 
 this had gone a little smoother than anticipated . 
 things were back on schedule . 
 chapter 16 twenty one hundred miles east of san francisco , plant 37 's second shift crew was enjoying their final break of the day . 
 it was also the last day of the workweek , as saturday was not scheduled for production . 
 this was always a welcome relief for the thousands of employees working at the plant . 
 mike bell , the second shift production manager , was not enjoying his break . 
 there was a problem . 
 both of the boilers , located in the mechanical building , were malfunctioning . 
 this was serious . 
 the plant needed the boilers to finish the remaining week 's work . 
 they supplied steam heat for all of the finishing operations in the plant . 
 the plant could limp through the end of second shift . 
 however , the boilers had to be functional on sunday night , once the plant restarted for its new week . 
 several maintenance employees were about to lose their weekend off . 
 they would have to work all weekend making repairs . 
 the mechanical building was the heart of the manufacturing plant . 
 without it , plant 37 could not function . 
 the heart was connected to the main section of plant 37 by a service bridge . 
 the umbilical cables ran along the bridge , connecting the larger manufacturing plant to the mechanical building . 
 they serviced different functions . 
 there were hydraulics , pneumatics , steam , electrical , and waste treatment . 
 the building stood prominently near the rear of plant 37 's acreage . 
 mike walked through the entrance of the building . 
 he found ted smith squatted on the floor , peering up through a small opening by boiler # 1 , flashlight in hand . 
 he was sweating profusely . 
 the room was always twenty degrees warmer than the outside temperature , and it was a hot summer night in michigan on top of that . 
 `` tell me something good , '' mike looked expectantly at ted . 
 ted stood up , grimacing at both his knees and the boilers . 
 `` nothing good here , boss . 
 we have trouble . 
 i 've already called my wife and cancelled our weekend fishing trip . 
 both boilers are going down . '' 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 mike said loudly . 
 mike had worked at plant 37 for more than twenty years . 
 this problem really was not too surprising . 
 fate always seemed to rear its ugly side on friday nights . 
 he spent the last four hours of each friday night waiting ; he was waiting for what everyone called the `` friday night surprise '' . 
 some type of problem usually occurred late on friday . 
 it could be a customer complaint , an equipment breakdown , or an employee injury . 
 occasionally , there was no surprise . 
 tonight , they were n't going to be so lucky . 
 mike rubbed his temples . 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 ted smiled at him . 
 ted had also worked at plant 37 for more than twenty years . 
 he could predict mike 's reaction to any problem . 
 `` well , there 's nothing any of us will be doing tonight . 
 the boilers have to cool down . 
 we wo n't break them open until late saturday morning . 
 i have already called the dayshift maintenance supervisor . 
 he 's bringing his people in at nine , tomorrow . 
 my team will relieve them at five , tomorrow afternoon . 
 the graveyard boys got lucky . 
 they do n't have to come in tonight . 
 they will be called in tomorrow for a midnight shift . '' 
 `` thanks , ted . 
 i 'm going to get the main plant shut down and let everyone go home a little early tonight . 
 anything else you need ? '' 
 ted said , `` nope . 
 i 'm finishing up here . '' 
 about that time , one of ted 's employees , frankie roberts , walked up . 
 he had checked the building for other personnel . 
 ted turned to him . 
 `` are we ready ? '' 
 `` hi , mike , '' frankie ignored the question , momentarily . 
 then looking at ted , he said , `` we 're ready . 
 i have walked the building . 
 there 's no one else in here . 
 let 's lock up and go home . 
 i want to see my son tonight and break the bad news in person . 
 we are rebuilding an engine in his car . 
 i wo n't have time to help him this weekend . '' 
 `` sorry , '' ted replied . 
 he put his hands over both ears , frowned , and said , `` my wife already gave me an earful . 
 i know how you feel . '' 
 mike , ted , and frankie walked out of the building . 
 ted locked the doors and activated the alarm system . 
 chapter 17 it was 6:15 pm , on the first day of summer . 
 a guard walked ahead of albert . 
 when they reached the gangway , two more goons stepped out of the owner and stood on the gangway . 
 albert smiled at them , saying , `` you guys are like rabbits . 
 are you all brothers ? '' 
 neither of the guards spoke . 
 `` go on ! '' 
 one of the guards pushed him . 
 `` they will take you to mr. remons . '' 
 albert walked up the gangway . 
 as he stepped aboard , the two guards grabbed him , one on each arm . 
 `` take it easy , boys . 
 i come in peace and suggest you let go of me . '' 
 `` strip ! '' 
 `` i 'm not your type , '' albert said flatly . 
 the fellow guard said , `` do what he said , now ! '' 
 albert decided it was quicker to play along . 
 he had a baseball game to watch . 
 `` this is only for the two of you , not for the other goons . '' 
 albert took off his sweater , shirt , shoes , and pants . 
 standing in his briefs , he said , `` this too , or is your imagination sufficient ? '' 
 `` that 's fine . 
 we do n't want to see your business . '' 
 the two guards went through his clothing . 
 there was nothing to be found , except for the key . 
 they did not find it . 
 satisfied , one said , `` get dressed . '' 
 albert redressed . 
 a guard pointed to the staircase . 
 `` go to the top deck . '' 
 albert climbed the two flights of stairs . 
 he arrived on the upper outside deck of the owner . 
 sitting in a deck chair looking nervously at albert was karl remons . 
 he walked over to the sitting area . 
 remons motioned for him to sit down . 
 `` hello , i am karl remons . 
 but , you know that already . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 albert smiled to himself . 
 remons was nervous . 
 with a firm , business voice , albert said , `` hi , karl . '' 
 remons was visibly shaken . 
 `` my name is mr. remons . 
 do not call me karl . 
 who are you ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 `` karl , i want you to calm down , '' albert 's tone was as if he were talking to an employee , not the multi-billionaire , karl remons . 
 he was enjoying this more than anticipated . 
 `` i asked you a question . 
 why are you here ? '' 
 remons tried to say it with authority , but it was n't convincing . 
 albert stared intently at remons . 
 he pointed to the guard standing nearby . 
 he said , `` your goons , they shook me down earlier today . 
 i did n't like that . 
 tell them to leave me alone . 
 it would be very bad for you , if they kept bothering me . '' 
 `` hold on a minute , '' remons replied . 
 he waved his hand at the guard . 
 remons whispered something in his ear . 
 the guard whispered something back . 
 `` teleport ? '' 
 remons asked . 
 `` yep . 
 that 's me . '' 
 albert replied with a big smile . 
 `` like i said , your goons shook me down . 
 it was not good for that to have happened . 
 does that make sense to you , karl ? '' 
 remons sat quietly , darkly staring at him . 
 albert could see the unabashed evil in remons ' eyes . 
 remons finally said , `` i do n't know who you are . 
 what is your name ? '' 
 albert was using every opportunity to push remons ' buttons . 
 `` like i said , karl ... '' `` fine ! 
 i will tell them to leave you alone . 
 anything else ? '' 
 remons was sweating . 
 albert said , `` no , ca n't think of anything at the moment . 
 i 'm going to the ballgame and do n't want to be late . 
 are you going ? '' 
 `` that 's not your business ! 
 is there anything else ? '' 
 remons was regaining his testosterone . 
 it was time for albert to go . 
 `` no , that 's all , karl . 
 thanks for keeping your thugs away from me . '' 
 with that comment , albert stood up and walked toward the staircase . 
 he continued down the two flights of stairs , stepped off the ship , and walked down the gangway . 
 no one stopped him . 
 yes , things were definitely back on schedule . 
 it was late . 
 he promised to meet james at 6:30 , and it was past that time . 
 albert took off in a jog , turning right at the end of remons ' pier and heading west along the embarcadero . 
 reaching pier marina , he turned right again , still at a slow run . 
 jogging up to the coffee shop , he saw james sitting on an outside bench . 
 he looked dour , and albert understood . 
 he was nearly ten minutes late . 
 `` hey , james ! '' 
 albert jogged up , waving to the kid . 
 james leapt to his feet -- all smiles . 
 `` hey , captain ! 
 i was wondering if you would show . 
 thought maybe you ditched me . '' 
 `` sorry about that . 
 my new friends and i were in an engaging conversation . '' 
 albert pointed to the owner . 
 james said , `` i would n't want that guy for a friend , captain . 
 be careful . '' 
 `` no worries . 
 i can handle remons . '' 
 albert continued , `` i need to pick up a couple of things . 
 hang on . '' 
 albert walked to the coffee shop entrance , pulled the key from his shoe , and put the key in the door . 
 then , he pressed 1-9-9-7 in the keypad . 
 finally , he unlocked the door and walked inside . 
 james followed him . 
 `` what are you up to , captain ? 
 why do you have a key to veronica 's place ? '' 
 albert grabbed his wallet and phone . 
 then he locked the door , set the alarm , and returned the key to his shoe . 
 there was no time to waste . 
 the opening pitch was in twenty minutes . 
 he said , `` i 'll explain later . 
 i do n't think we have time to walk . 
 run ahead and hail us a cab . 
 i 'll be right behind you . '' 
 `` sure , captain ! '' 
 james said . 
 he sprinted for the main street . 
 albert quickly checked the wallet contents . 
 everything was there . 
 then he checked the phone . 
 no messages from teleport . 
 that was a good sign . 
 he took off running to catch up with james . 
 james waved at him . 
 `` over here . 
 let 's hurry ! '' 
 albert jumped in the cab with james . 
 he said to the driver , `` front entrance of giants stadium . 
 we do n't want to miss the first pitch . 
 a good tip if you will make it quick . '' 
 the driver blasted off . 
 he knew the fare was small . 
 it was just two miles or so . 
 he was working for the tip . 
 the driver weaved through the traffic just like a professional skier runs the gates of a downhill race . 
 they arrived in ten minutes . 
 james and albert got out of the cab . 
 the fare was less than ten dollars . 
 albert handed him a twenty and waved thanks . 
 the unlikely pair ran for the ticket booth . 
 out of breath , albert gasped to the man sitting behind the window . 
 `` two tickets , home team side , as close to the dugout as we can get . '' 
 the ticket seller checked the computer . 
 `` row 8 , section 122 . 
 that 's the best i can do . 
 $ 78.50 each . 
 total is $ 157 . '' 
 albert dropped two one hundred dollar bills on the counter . 
 the ticket seller said , `` here 's your change and the tickets . 
 enjoy the game . '' 
 the pair ran to the stadium entrance and waited impatiently in the line . 
 the gate attendant scanned their tickets and they were finally inside the stadium . 
 now the running turned into power walking . 
 james found the correct tunnel , and they trotted up the ramp . 
 as they stepped out in the open stadium air , the announcer 's voice boomed across the stadium . 
 `` welcome to tonight 's ballgame . 
 the giants are hosting the marlins . 
 we have a special treat for everyone . 
 ladies and gentlemen , the honorary first pitch will be thrown by karl remons , owner of remons global . '' 
 chapter 18 it was 7:15 pm , on the first day of summer . 
 james exclaimed , `` how about that ! '' 
 albert nudged james . 
 `` let 's get to our seats . 
 i want to see the real first pitch . 
 not this silly celebrity nonsense . '' 
 they found section 122 , walked down a few rows , and located their seats . 
 turned out , the seats were on the aisle . 
 it could not have been a more perfect view . 
 two miles from the ballpark , baker 's place was jammed with patrons . 
 most of the televisions were tuned to the giants-marlins game . 
 elizabeth and veronica were finishing their third round and feeling no pain . 
 `` liz , look at the television , '' veronica was slightly slurring her words . 
 elizabeth looked up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` your boss just threw the ceremonial pitch , '' veronica pointed at a nearby television . 
 elizabeth was uninterested . 
 `` i told you he was going to the ballgame . '' 
 `` you did n't tell me he was part of the ballgame . '' 
 `` so ? 
 why do you care ? 
 i do n't care . 
 i 'm just glad he 's there , and i 'm here . '' 
 elizabeth turned toward the bar . 
 `` jeff ! 
 we need you over here . '' 
 jeff walked over , but veronica waved him off . 
 veronica said , `` time to leave , big sister . 
 jeff already closed out the tab and it 's time for dinner . '' 
 `` fine , '' elizabeth slid off the barstool . 
 she briefly lost her balance and leaned against the table . 
 glancing at a television , she caught sight of remons . 
 he was wearing a giants baseball jersey and smiling for the camera . 
 she flipped off the television with both hands , and said , `` asshole . '' 
 the sisters unsteadily walked down the street . 
 veronica suggested italian . 
 elizabeth agreed . 
 after that , it was easy . 
 there was one italian restaurant on their friday night dining list : antoine 's . 
 they casually stumbled the short two blocks and arrived ten minutes later . 
 `` we , '' veronica was very drunk , and was having a hard time stringing her words together cohesively . 
 `` ... would like a table for two . '' 
 antoine laughed at her . 
 `` veronica , cut it out . 
 you two get in here . 
 it has been three weeks . 
 have i moved down on your list ? '' 
 elizabeth laughed , just a little too loud . 
 `` antoine , you are always on the top of my list . 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` let me do the talking , '' said veronica , as she clutched her sister 's arm . 
 antoine was smiling at the situation . 
 `` girls , it seems to me that baker 's place got some extra money from you tonight . 
 let 's send some food down to swim in those alcohol laden bellies . '' 
 elizabeth was n't interested in sobriety tonight . 
 `` yes , antoine . 
 that sounds like a plan . 
 bring us the usual . 
 also , bring us a bottle of pinot noir . 
 you pick it . 
 just make sure i like it . 
 i 'm not drinking something that does n't taste good . 
 not tonight . '' 
 antoine looked at veronica , a questioning look on his face . 
 he was n't sure if this was a good idea . 
 `` it 's fine , '' veronica made the decision . 
 `` bring the wine . 
 a hangover is a hangover . 
 does n't really matter too much at this point . 
 i 'll make sure she gets home . '' 
 antoine shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` very well . 
 i 'll put your meal order in and find a nice bottle . 
 in the meantime , eat some of the fresh bread on the table . 
 i do n't want either of you getting sick in here . 
 it is bad for business , you know that , right ? '' 
 elizabeth was muttering at the breadstick in her hand . 
 `` asshole thinks i 'm his slave . 
 i am a slave trapped in that office . 
 i hate cell phones . 
 he always wants stupid things . '' 
 `` liz ! '' 
 veronica had to stop this ramble . 
 `` snap out of it . 
 he is n't worth getting upset over . '' 
 then she asked , `` why was remons pitching the ball tonight ? 
 he did n't want you at the game ? '' 
 elizabeth looked at her . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it just came up last week . 
 unexpectedly , the stadium manager called . 
 he asked to talk to remons . 
 of course , remons refused the call . 
 then he asked me to ask remons if he would throw the pitch today . 
 when he learned what they wanted , that jackass looked like the cat who ate the canary . '' 
 chewing on some bread , elizabeth kept talking . 
 `` he did n't ask me to be his game servant , thankfully . '' 
 antoine returned , bringing a bottle of pinot noir and two glasses . 
 behind him , the chef was carrying two large bowls . 
 the first one was placed in front of elizabeth . 
 it was a huge slice of lasagna . 
 the second bowl went to veronica . 
 it was overflowing with spaghetti , tomato sauce , and four giant meatballs . 
 antoine filled their wine glasses . 
 he stepped back , smiled , and simply said , `` indulge ! '' 
 elizabeth , shoveling down a big spoonful of lasagna , said to veronica , `` tell me more about your mystery man from today . '' 
 veronica blushed a little . 
 `` he 's a nice looking man . 
 seems really polite , more so than the men around here , anyway . 
 i do n't know much more than what i told you . 
 he 's from michigan and sails a big boat . '' 
 elizabeth looked at her knowingly . 
 `` baby sister , men are all dogs . 
 do n't get involved . '' 
 veronica laughed . 
 `` i said he was nice . 
 i did n't say i dropped my pants and chased him across the pier ! '' 
 chapter 19 bill shefford wearily studied the three , seventy-five inch flat-screen monitors mounted on his office wall . 
 something unusual was happening , but all he could do was watch , and wait . 
 the flat-screens monitored remons global operations around the world . 
 the company had grown rapidly over the past twenty years . 
 today , there were one hundred forty eight locations , manufacturing products for a broad range of industries : automotive , defense , transportation , energy , and consumer technology . 
 bill was just one of the tools in the remons toolbox , but he was an important one . 
 of course , he managed plant 1 . 
 however , that was only one of the many aspects of his servitude to remons . 
 he was chief firefighter , responsible for extinguishing any problem arising at any of the global manufacturing sites . 
 any problem . 
 across the bay , the game was beginning . 
 bill momentarily looked away from the large monitors . 
 he turned up the volume on a nearby television and watched remons throw the first pitch . 
 remons was grinning . 
 it was almost unbearable to bill . 
 here he was , standing alone in his own personal prison , exhausting his life for remons . 
 he pointed the middle finger of his right hand at the television and turned to survey the monitors . 
 with so many manufacturing plants , there were always problems . 
 the monitors were never all green , which indicated no problems existed . 
 however , the problems were usually something solvable . 
 each facility had its own plant manager . 
 it was his or her responsibility to resolve the problem . 
 collectively , the plant managers kept the massive remons machine on schedule . 
 as with everything in life , unforeseen , and not easily solvable , situations arise . 
 in the manufacturing world , it can rapidly result in severe consequences . 
 business owners lose money fast . 
 employees lose their jobs even faster . 
 the plant managers , all 148 , were continually one production problem away from termination . 
 this pressure , of a destroyed career and subsequent personal bankruptcy , was a big incentive . 
 therefore , the problems were solved 99 % of the time without help from one of bill 's elite teams , known collectively as the remons rescue squads . 
 the board , that was the combined name for the monitors , showed each plant 's condition on a single line . 
 the first monitor had fifty lines , continuously reporting operational status of plants 1 -- 50 . 
 the second monitor handled plants 51 -- 100 , and the third , plants 101 -- 148 . 
 plants 149 and 150 were greyed out on the third monitor , as they did not exist , yet . 
 tonight , the board was flashing warnings on twenty-seven rows . 
 this meant twenty-seven of the one hundred forty eight plants were in some kind of trouble . 
 bill was n't concerned about most of them , as they were flashing yellow . 
 the plant managers would , in all likelihood , fix the problems . 
 the lights would turn back to green and parts would keep flowing . 
 bill 's focus was on three plants : plant 1 had just begun flashing red . 
 he was in plant 1 . 
 it was the r&d center . 
 the text on plant 1 's portion of the board read , `` work center 73 : excessive pneumatic pressure . 
 system shutdown not working . '' 
 plant 37 had been flashing red for almost an hour . 
 he had already placed remons rescue on notice . 
 if the situation did not improve by midnight , the team would be dispatched . 
 the text on plant 37 's portion of the board looked more serious . 
 it read , `` mechanical building : primary and backup boilers down -- repairs begin saturday . 
 *** no weekend work scheduled *** inventory levels at green . '' 
 plant 114 's problem was further advanced . 
 it had turned from flashing to solid red earlier that day . 
 bill had dispatched remons rescue , team one . 
 they would be at plant 114 tomorrow morning , california time . 
 plant 114 was located in an asian country . 
 it was just one of many international facilities owned by remons global . 
 its portion of the board read , `` labor unrest : production workers on strike . 
 no mechanical issues . 
 inventories at yellow . '' 
 bill decided to look in his own backyard first . 
 plant 1 had its own plant manager . 
 it was not bill . 
 he called samuel halsop on his mobile . 
 samuel halsop was the plant manager at plant 1 . 
 he was also the first employee bill had hired for plant 1 , before its opening five years ago . 
 sam , as he preferred to be called , answered on the third ring . 
 `` hey , bill . 
 it 's not looking good . '' 
 then he started laughing . 
 `` i have really enjoyed working for you . 
 going to miss our thursday lunches . '' 
 bill said , `` cut it out . 
 i do n't have a lot of power , but your job will probably be safe . '' 
 he was chuckling at sam . 
 laughing beat crying any day . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 sam replied , `` the pressure is rising fast . 
 we should evacuate . 
 i do n't have a good guess where this is headed . 
 there is no sense risking people 's lives . '' 
 he continued , `` let 's monitor from the far parking lot . 
 i will set up a couple of cameras and bring the remote monitoring laptops . 
 deal ? '' 
 bill had to notify remons if they vacated the building . 
 `` let 's get everyone out . 
 call me when your men have double verified the building is empty . 
 let everyone go home . 
 except for the essential people . '' 
 then , he muttered , `` i have to call remons , '' and hung up the phone . 
 it would take a few minutes for sam and his men to evacuate the building . 
 bill sat down and stared mindlessly at the board . 
 plant 1 was flashing red , with the message `` evacuate . '' 
 plant 37 was still flashing red , the message unchanged . 
 plant 114 was also still solid red , the message having just changed to `` inventory levels at red . '' 
 it was going to be a long , long night . 
 sam walked in , breaking bill from his trance . 
 `` all clear . 
 you and me are the last out . 
 time to lock her up and wait this one out . '' 
 bill looked up . 
 `` i have to let remons know what 's happening . 
 let me send this message and then we can go . '' 
 bill pulled up a text message window . 
 he selected remons public numbered phone , since he did n't know the private number . 
 he carefully typed the message and pressed send . 
 he looked at sam , and said , `` let 's get out of here . 
 no time to waste . '' 
 the message to remons read `` r&d work center 73 out of bounds . 
 evacuation of facility complete . '' 
 chapter 20 it was 8:17 pm , on the first day of summer . 
 `` amazing ! '' 
 james was jumping up and down screaming . 
 one of the star players was running for home plate . 
 `` slide , slide , slide !!! '' 
 albert was laughing at him . 
 james acted like baseball was a new experience . 
 his eyes glowed , just like those of an eight-year-old boy , trying to draw in all of the sights at once . 
 albert finished off his second bratwurst , as well as his second beer . 
 `` fun , huh ? '' 
 james sat down . 
 he was beaming . 
 `` it 's the best time ever , captain ! '' 
 albert was smiling too , but in a different way . 
 he thought back on baseball games he watched in michigan many years ago . 
 he was enjoying the game now , but he would rather be in detroit , watching the tigers with his dad . 
 `` glad you are enjoying it so much . 
 how about some more food and another beer ? 
 this is the best eating i have done all day . '' 
 `` no way , captain . 
 you 're killin ' me . 
 i 've already eaten two brats and a pile of nachos . 
 not to mention the three beers . 
 i 'm drowning in food right now . '' 
 albert smiled , `` suit yourself . 
 i 'm not done eat -- '' albert was unable to finish the sentence . 
 the announcer 's voice boomed across the stadium . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen . 
 excuse me , ladies and gentlemen . '' 
 the stadium went quiet . 
 this was not routine . 
 the announcer continued , `` ladies and gentlemen . 
 we will have a brief delay in the game . 
 there is no cause for alarm . 
 mr. karl remons , owner of remons global , has an emergency to attend to . 
 we have been asked , and have agreed , to allow mr. remons ' helicopter to land on the field . '' 
 about that time , remons ' black helicopter was spotted . 
 it was flying low over the north side of the stadium . 
 most likely , it came from the owner . 
 descending slowly and deliberately , the pilot settled the aircraft directly atop home plate . 
 the rotor wash blew forcefully into the stands . 
 food , drink , and loose clothing flew around randomly . 
 as james ' new baseball hat went flying , he yelled , `` what an asshole ! '' 
 karl remons ran out onto the field , dodging random projectiles thrown from the crowd . 
 he climbed on board . 
 almost instantly , it seemed , the helicopter , along with karl remons , was gone . 
 the announcer 's voice returned , `` thank you , ladies and gentlemen . 
 we again apologize for the interruption . 
 play ball ! '' 
 albert mused , `` it appears remons is not having a good night . '' 
 the ballpark was alive with energy , again . 
 albert and james were laughing , yelling , and often waving their hands up in the air out of excitement . 
 albert had never been a father . 
 tonight , though , he really appreciated how proud his dad must have been . 
 in the helicopter , remons was screaming at max through the intercom . 
 `` hurry up ! 
 where did you learn to fly ? 
 my mother , even with a stick in her eye , could fly better than you ! '' 
 max wanted to drop the aircraft in the cold bay waters . 
 he had a few words for remons , but could n't afford to lose this job . 
 he loved flying . 
 on top of that , he was doing it in one of the best helicopters on the market . 
 no sense being fired tonight . 
 `` sir , '' max spoke through the intercom , ignoring the insults . 
 `` i must land in the far parking lot on the property . 
 we ca n't land on the building . 
 mr. shefford is waiting for you there . '' 
 `` fine ! 
 just hurry up . '' 
 ----- back at antoine 's , the women finished off the wine and their dishes . 
 antoine dutifully walked over and picked up the plates . 
 he opted not to offer any more wine . 
 they were too drunk already . 
 elizabeth looked at antoine . 
 her eyes were glassy . 
 `` antoine , we need another bottle . '' 
 veronica saved him . 
 it is hard for a server to cut off a customer . 
 with a regular customer , the task becomes more difficult . 
 `` no , liz . 
 we 've had enough . '' 
 elizabeth insisted , `` no -- we -- have -- not . 
 it is not nine o’clock . 
 we have at least fifteen minutes to drink . 
 remember our rule . 
 drink ` til nine . 
 then stop . '' 
 veronica said . 
 `` yes , that is our rule . 
 you forgot the other rule . 
 no hurling ! '' 
 they both laughed . 
 veronica was by no means sober . 
 nevertheless , she had spoken the most important rule of all . 
 just like any other drinker , they avoided , or at least attempted to avoid , vomiting . 
 `` fine ! 
 have it my ... i mean your way . '' 
 elizabeth reached for her purse . 
 `` antoine . 
 step it up . 
 we are ready to go . 
 there 's a soft mattress calling me . '' 
 chapter 21 it was 9:28 pm , on the first day of summer . 
 the score was 3-3 . 
 it was the bottom of the seventh inning . 
 james was still having fun , but his hyperactive behavior was settling down . 
 `` say , captain ? 
 why did you invite me to the game tonight ? 
 you do n't even know me . '' 
 albert kept his eyes on the ballgame . 
 `` i felt bad for remons ' goons hassling you earlier today . 
 thought i could make it up to you . '' 
 james responded quietly , `` it was n't necessary . 
 those dudes are always hassling someone . 
 i 'm used to it . 
 they did n't hurt me . 
 i kinda feel bad that you are spending all this cash on me tonight . '' 
 albert turned to james . 
 `` i said it was something i wanted to do . 
 the money does n't matter . 
 money is just a means for having fun and doing good things . 
 i am truly enjoying the game with you . '' 
 james looked a little embarrassed . 
 `` not in that way , '' albert now changed the subject . 
 `` you do n't get out much , do you ? '' 
 he did n't mean it as an insult ; it was just an observation . 
 `` nah , i spend most of my time working the gas dock . 
 rest of the time - i 'm either asleep or picking up odd jobs . 
 you know . 
 a man 's got ta make a living . 
 sleeping under the stars and eating scraps is n't fun . 
 i do n't want to do that again . '' 
 the new pitcher was finishing his warm up . 
 james yelled , `` play ball ! '' 
 ----- remons global -- research & development , also known as plant 1 , was in serious trouble . 
 bill shefford and samuel halsop were huddled in a minivan , still sitting in the far parking lot . 
 they had spent the last thirty minutes brainstorming . 
 there seemed to be no good solution . 
 max eased down the collective , one of the helicopter 's controls , gently settling the aircraft on the same parking lot where bill and sam 's van was parked . 
 he could hear remons screaming , despite the heavily insulated separation wall . 
 remons was yelling into the mobile phone . 
 on the other end of the line was another unlucky victim of his rage . 
 `` get that plant running now ! 
 i do n't want to hear about your problems ! '' 
 remons jammed the cabin 's intercom button . 
 `` you ! 
 the pilot ! '' 
 max , still completing his landing routine , pressed the talk button on the cyclic , also known as the joystick . 
 he spoke into the headset microphone . 
 `` yes , sir ? '' 
 remons punched his intercom button . 
 `` get me out of here ! 
 what are you waiting on ? 
 open the door ! '' 
 max had now finished most of his tasks , at least the important ones , anyway . 
 he climbed out of the pilot 's seat , stepped on the parking lot surface , and opened remons ' cabin door . 
 remons leaped out of the leather seat , knocking his half full glass of bourbon off the side table . 
 the glass fell to the lush , carpeted cabin floor , spilling its contents . 
 remons looked at the mess . 
 then he looked at max . 
 `` well ? 
 clean that up ! '' 
 remons did n't wait for a response . 
 he took off walking across the parking lot . 
 it was getting cold . 
 he stopped suddenly , turned around , and returned to get a jacket from the helicopter . 
 max was cleaning the carpet . 
 `` get out of my way ! '' 
 he yelled at max , pounding on the open cabin door . 
 `` why did n't you tell me it was cold , dumbass ? 
 i need a jacket ! '' 
 max dutifully moved to the far side of the cabin , saying nothing . 
 remons grunted , retrieved his jacket , and stormed again across the parking lot . 
 he reached the minivan , where bill and sam were sitting . 
 remons opened a door and yelled , `` i want you fuckers to fix this ! 
 what are we doing ? '' 
 `` mr. remons , '' sam was trying to keep his voice from shaking . 
 `` please have a seat . 
 believe me , we have the best minds working on this problem . '' 
 remons slid into one of the middle row seats . 
 he ignored sam . 
 `` bill , i want this fixed now . 
 you , know what i mean ? '' 
 bill knew exactly what he meant . 
 `` yes , mr. remons . 
 i am on top of our best people . 
 they will fix it fast , or they will be working at a burger stand tomorrow . '' 
 this always calmed remons , talking of over-the-top pressure on employees , along with direct threats of ruin . 
 `` fine . 
 just hurry up . '' 
 bill 's phone was ringing . 
 `` it 's probably the team , ready with our solution . 
 give me a moment . '' 
 bill looked at his phone . 
 unfortunately , the call was not the team working on the plant 1 problem . 
 it was mike bell at plant 37 . 
 bill could not catch a break tonight . 
 the call could not be a good one . 
 in addition , remons was sitting right beside him . 
 `` what 's the status , mike ? '' 
 in the background , bill could hear sirens blaring in his ear . 
 this was really bad . 
 mike said , `` there has been an explosion ! 
 no injuries or casualties . 
 but the mechanical building just exploded ! '' 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 bill was yelling now , and looking at remons with wide eyes . 
 mike said , `` i do n't know . 
 we are guessing one of the boilers failed completely , before it had a chance to cool down . 
 the building is destroyed . 
 plant 37 is not a dead man walking . 
 it 's dead ! '' 
 `` what 's happening now ? '' 
 bill was calming down . 
 he needed to get mike calmed also . 
 mike replied , `` the fire department is here now . 
 the fire chief says the fire is under control . 
 they should have it put out within the hour . 
 but , he says we wo n't be able to get in there for a while . 
 first , it has to cool off . 
 then , he says the atf , the alcohol , tobacco , & firearms agency , they get the scene . 
 we ca n't do anything , until it is cleared as not a crime scene . 
 i do n't know how long that will take . '' 
 `` call me every hour . 
 sooner , if there is a new development . '' 
 bill had another question , `` the board is showing inventory as green . 
 that is still correct ? 
 no damage to the finished goods ? 
 we can access the shipping docks ? '' 
 `` yeah , sure . 
 we were very lucky . 
 the building is isolated enough . 
 there 's no damage to the production plant or any of the inventory . 
 always be grateful for small turns of fortune . 
 i got ta go . '' 
 with that , the phone went silent . 
 remons had quietly followed the conversation between bill and mike . 
 he was eerily calm , saying , `` bill , you get that plant running before the inventory runs out . '' 
 `` yes , mr. remons . '' 
 remons opened the minivan door . 
 `` i am leaving this to you . 
 call me all night with updates . '' 
 he stepped outside and took three steps toward the helicopter . 
 a large explosion rocked the area , sending a shockwave across the parking lot . 
 remons was knocked to the ground . 
 the side of plant 1 facing the north parking lot was now missing . 
 there was no fire , at least not at the moment . 
 bill and sam jumped out of the minivan . 
 max was running across the parking lot from the helicopter . 
 remons was pushing himself up . 
 he was on his knees , but trying to stand back up . 
 `` what the fuck was that ! '' 
 `` i do n't know , karl . '' 
 bill mistakenly called remons by his first name . 
 he could only do that occasionally , and never could say it in front of others . 
 `` sorry , mr. remons . 
 i 'm in shock right now . '' 
 in the distance , the police and fire department vehicles could be heard approaching . 
 `` now look at what you two have done . 
 the police ? 
 the fire department ? 
 i 'm telling you guys , again . 
 get this under control ! 
 i do n't want any problems with those guys . '' 
 `` yes , sir , mr. remons , sir , '' sam was shaking . 
 `` i 'm leaving , '' looking at max , he said , `` was there any damage to the helicopter ? '' 
 max gazed at remons blankly . 
 it appeared he was in shock from the blast . 
 `` sir ... no , the helicopter ... she looks fine . 
 she 's ok . '' 
 remons said , `` then , let 's go ! 
 bill , help me to the helicopter . 
 i think my leg might be bruised -- or worse ! '' 
 bill stepped over and pulled on remons ' right arm . 
 max grabbed remons ' left arm . 
 they half walked , half carried him back to the helicopter . 
 `` unbelievable , '' bill said to sam , as he walked back from the helicopter . 
 `` it 's just us . 
 the chicken has flown the coop . 
 let 's visit with the local authorities and do our best to contain this mess . 
 do n't talk to the reporters . '' 
 across the parking lot , max started both of the pratt & whitney turbine engines . 
 he worked quickly through his takeoff checklist . 
 the engine reached operating speed and max engaged the rotors . 
 he surveyed the instruments . 
 all systems were ready . 
 max placed his feet on the anti-rotation pedals , his right hand on the cyclic and his left hand on the collective . 
 pressing the intercom button , he said , `` we are ready , mr. remons . '' 
 jamming the intercom button again , remons yelled , `` go ! 
 go ! 
 i want out of here now . 
 take me back to the owner . '' 
 remons reclined the leather seat . 
 it was one of two chairs along the back wall of the noise-insulated cabin . 
 there were four other seats in the cabin , all empty . 
 rarely did anyone , other than remons , ride in the helicopter . 
 three of the seats faced backward . 
 the fourth seat was alongside remons ' seat on the back wall . 
 a large , lipped service table between it and remons . 
 the cabin was configured for luxury , not some mundane utilitarian role . 
 the sikorsky s76 cabin , more efficiently arranged , could easily carry fifteen passengers . 
 painted all black , except for the gold remons global logo , this helicopter was not a cost efficient airline . 
 it was remons ' personal air limousine . 
 pressing the intercom button , remons yelled , `` where the hell is my phone ? '' 
 max laughed . 
 the jackass could not hear him . 
 pressing the intercom button , he said , `` it should be in one of the pockets , on eith -- '' the engines seemed to stall and the helicopter suddenly dropped . 
 just as quickly , it recovered and was flying normally . 
 remons jammed the intercom button hard with his right index finger . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 max laughed more loudly , still insulated from the ear of remons . 
 `` sorry about that , mr. remons . 
 i think wind turbulence is pushing across the bay . 
 we have some weather fronts moving in . '' 
 he turned off the intercom and laughed again . 
 the relief of not dying in the plant 1 explosion seemed to have max in a giddy mood . 
 during the commotion , remons found one of his phones . 
 he pressed `` elizabeth '' on his contacts list and placed the phone to his ear . 
 it rang four times , and then went to voicemail . 
 he pressed the end call button . 
 remons punched the cabin wall , yelling , `` lazy bitch ! 
 where the hell are you ? '' 
 remons pressed `` elizabeth '' for the second time . 
 the phone answered back , `` i 'm sorry to have missed your call -- '' remons hung up . 
 he yelled again , talking to the empty cabin . 
 `` answer the phone you stupid , lazy bitch . 
 who do you think you are ? '' 
 for the third time , remons pressed `` elizabeth '' on the screen . 
 this time , his index finger cracked the glass . 
 he looked at the crack , shook his head angrily , and placed the phone to his ear . 
 `` helllooow , mr. remons ! '' 
 `` what the hell are you doing , elizabeth ? '' 
 elizabeth said , `` i was out to dinner with my sister ... . 
 sir . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 then she added , `` sir . '' 
 `` i am tired of your shit , elizabeth ! 
 listen to me . 
 we have real problems ! '' 
 remons kept talking . 
 `` pack a bag and get to the owner , now ! 
 no weekend off for you . '' 
 elizabeth and veronica had already stumbled back to their lombard street apartment . 
 they were sitting on the sofa . 
 elizabeth bolted upright , saying , `` excuse me , sir ? 
 i 'm staying on the owner ? 
 now ? 
 this weekend ? '' 
 veronica turned , looking at elizabeth with an empathetic face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she tried to say it as a whisper . 
 it was more than a whisper . 
 remons voice boomed , `` who is talking ? 
 elizabeth ! 
 pay attention ! 
 i expect you on the owner in thirty minutes . 
 if you are not there , guess what ? 
 you 're fired ! '' 
 elizabeth looked at the phone . 
 it read call ended . 
 he had hung up . 
 `` asshole ! '' 
 she said loudly . 
 veronica said , `` you have to quit . 
 this guy is no good . 
 he is n't worth the trouble on you , or us for that matter . 
 just quit ! '' 
 elizabeth looked at veronica and smiled . 
 she was drunk , but the words spoken were as true as ever . 
 `` veronica , my baby sister . 
 no one quits remons global . 
 he quits them first . 
 it 's the only way out . '' 
 their apartment windows were open . 
 they heard a helicopter overhead . 
 veronica said , `` sounds like your boss is arriving . 
 what can i do to help ? '' 
 passing over the ballpark , max pushed the cyclic to starboard , with his right hand , and simultaneously began adding right foot pressure . 
 the aircraft banked right and the nose turned north , heading directly toward the owner . 
 with his left hand , he pushed down the collective . 
 the aircraft continued its forward progress , but was now descending . 
 max keyed the intercom button with his right thumb . 
 he said flatly , `` mr. remons , we are landing . '' 
 he continued the landing procedure . 
 easing the cyclic forward , the helicopter continued its slow downward drift , now below the 500-foot ceiling , directly above the embarcadero and parallel to the shoreline . 
 reaching the owner , max eased back on the cyclic , stopping all forward movement . 
 applying left foot pressure , with his expert adjustment to the collective , the whirlybird turned 180 degrees and gently settled atop the `` h '' painted on the rear , upper deck of the owner . 
 the helicopter nose was pointing forward , toward the bow of the ship . 
 max was finishing his shutdown sequence , when he noticed the security detail running toward them from across the deck . 
 a pair of guards pulled open the cabin door and remons climbed out . 
 max watched as the trio ran across the deck . 
 the guards were flanking remons as if he was the president of the united states , and there had been a national security incident . 
 max opened the left door , grabbed the overhead handle , and climbed out . 
 he closed the cabin doors , latched the helicopter to the ship 's deck , and tied down the rotor blades . 
 chapter 22 it was 10:15 pm , on the first day of summer . 
 they were headed back to pier marina . 
 james was skipping along the stadium concourse . 
 the giants lost , but he did n't seem to care . 
 walking behind him , albert was in admiration of the kid . 
 james always seemed to live in the moment , just taking things in as they happened . 
 laughing at james , albert said , `` what a fun night . '' 
 `` no doubt , captain ! '' 
 james stopped their progress , so he could salute . 
 `` it was the best ! 
 thanks again for taking me . '' 
 albert smiled at him , `` it was my pleasure . 
 nice to have some company . '' 
 earlier in the night , albert had purchased a souvenir ball . 
 he fondly remembered receiving a baseball from his dad one night following a tigers game . 
 albert reached in the bag and pulled out the ball . 
 he handed it to james , saying , `` i thought you might like this . '' 
 `` gee , thanks ! '' 
 james exclaimed . 
 `` that 's awesome . 
 i will keep it forever , captain ! '' 
 they passed through the stadium gates and headed north along the embarcadero . 
 it was a pleasant evening , perfect for walking the two miles , or so , back to the marina . 
 hearing the helicopter sounds , james stopped again and looked skyward . 
 `` there he is , captain , '' james said , pointing at remons ' helicopter drifting slowly north above their heads . 
 albert laughed , `` he probably forgot to let the dogs out . 
 maybe that 's why he left in the game in a hurry . '' 
 james looked at albert puzzled , `` huh ? '' 
 albert shook his head and walked ahead . 
 `` it was a joke . 
 let 's get going . 
 been a long day , and i 'm ready to crash . '' 
 james skipped along . 
 albert was deep in thought . 
 `` say , captain ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 his thoughts interrupted . 
 `` you did n't tell me what was happening at veronica 's . 
 why did you have a key ? 
 and , why was your stuff in there ? '' 
 `` like i said earlier , i was talking to remons . '' 
 james eyes were wide with surprise . 
 `` you actually talked to remons ; the man himself ? '' 
 `` they clubbed me , james . 
 and , for no reason . 
 remons and those thugs are bullies . 
 i do n't like being bullied . '' 
 `` you talked to remons ? 
 you were on the owner and made it off alive ? '' 
 james could not contain his fear . 
 it was radiating out of him . 
 albert liked james . 
 he really was a caring person . 
 `` it 's alright , '' said albert , giving him a side-by-side hug of the shoulder . 
 `` i 'm a big boy . '' 
 `` so , what did remons say ? 
 what did you say to him ? '' 
 `` it was a short conversation . 
 i told him to keep the goons away from me . 
 not much more than that . '' 
 `` dang , captain . 
 you have some balls . 
 wish i had the nuts to stand up to people like that . '' 
 james kicked at the ground as they kept walking . 
 `` everyone has balls . 
 they just keep them tucked away for the right moment . '' 
 by this point , they were closing in on pier marina . 
 ahead , two women were walking in the opposite direction along the embarcadero . 
 james grinned , `` look , there 's veronica and elizabeth . 
 she 's veronica 's sister . 
 what are they doing out on the pier tonight ? '' 
 as they approached , veronica said , `` hey , guys . 
 how was the game ? '' 
 james said , `` hi , veronica . 
 it was a blast . '' 
 then , looking at elizabeth , he said , `` i have n't seen you around for a while . '' 
 pointing to the owner , he added , `` he still treating you badly ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about him , '' elizabeth unsteadily lifted her arm and pointed her finger at the owner . 
 `` i can handle myself . '' 
 albert had not been introduced . 
 `` hi . 
 you are apparently elizabeth . 
 veronica 's sister ? '' 
 `` why , yes i am . 
 and you are albert , the handsome man from the coffee shop . '' 
 she laughed and hugged veronica . 
 `` my sister is verrrryy important to me . 
 get my drift ? '' 
 veronica shook her head at elizabeth . 
 `` cut it out . 
 i am drunk , and you are still embarrassing me . '' 
 she looked at albert , saying , `` do n't pay any attention to her . '' 
 james noticed elizabeth was carrying a bag . 
 `` where are you headed ? 
 your turn in the owner rotation pop up early ? '' 
 elizabeth frowned . 
 she said , `` shut up , james . 
 i have to work tonight . 
 that 's all . '' 
 she raised her arm again , swaying while pointing at the owner . 
 james looked upset . 
 `` it 's not right , elizabeth . 
 be careful . '' 
 veronica loudly said , `` see , liz ! 
 of all people , even james agrees . 
 you should quit . '' 
 albert was listening to the conversation , but mainly he was thinking . 
 he guessed the owner , along with karl remons , was about to set sail . 
 he asked , `` where is the ship headed ? '' 
 elizabeth looked at him , instantly seeming sober . 
 `` that is not a question people ever ask around here . 
 i would not ask that again ... huh ? '' 
 she was drunk and lost her thought . 
 `` liz ! '' 
 veronica said . 
 `` that was rude ! 
 he 's not from around here . 
 he does n't know to leave remons alone . '' 
 albert stepped in , stopping the squabble . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 i do n't offend easily . '' 
 elizabeth looked at her phone . 
 `` it 's late . 
 i have to go . '' 
 she hugged veronica . 
 after awkwardly looking at james , and then albert , she took off running down the pier toward the owner . 
 veronica said , `` i 'm worried about her . 
 she works for an evil man . '' 
 `` she 's a smart girl , '' james said , trying to comfort her . 
 `` say , it 's getting late . 
 let me walk you home . '' 
 `` no , thank you . 
 i do n't want to go home . 
 albert ? 
 will you take me for a walk ? 
 i have to sober up . '' 
 james seemed to wither right in front of albert 's eyes . 
 he felt bad for the kid . 
 obviously , james was much closer to her age and he really liked veronica . 
 he heard the owner 's engines come to life . 
 albert needed to leave . 
 he responded , `` i think you need some sleep . 
 why do n't you let james walk you home ? 
 i would probably get lost on the way back . '' 
 then , he added more reinforcement , `` also , i am dead tired . 
 i have n't slept much in the past two days . '' 
 james was perking up ; things were moving more in his favor . 
 `` yeah , veronica . 
 i really would like to walk you home . 
 let the captain get some sleep . 
 he 's older than us , you know . '' 
 veronica sighed . 
 `` fine . '' 
 albert said , `` james , i 'll stop by the gas dock in the morning ; to pick up my package . '' 
 james was already walking away with veronica . 
 he did not turn around . 
 `` no problem , captain . 
 sleep well ! '' 
 he noticed james was almost skipping , a moderately , toned down version of what albert had witnessed earlier . 
 the pair jaywalked across the embarcadero and headed up one of the intersecting streets . 
 albert could not see the street name , but he stored away the image in his head . 
 a convenience store stood like a sentry watching the upward sloping street , its bright lights glowing with the message , `` open 24 hours . '' 
 albert turned away , walking northward toward pier marina . 
 on his right , he could see the owner backing away from its dock . 
 the ship 's bow thrusters were churning up the water around the pier . 
 even in the night sky , albert could see the dark , blue water turning an ugly brown , the sediment violently pushed around below the surface . 
 he must hurry . 
 albert could have teleport off her dock within ten minutes . 
 that is , once he got to the dock . 
 smiling , he said quietly , `` it 's a beautiful evening for a night sail . '' 
 jogging at a medium pace , albert weaved through the scattered buildings , benches , tables , and trees dispersed along the pier . 
 rounding the final building , the one just before the dock 14 security gate , he stopped dead in his tracks . 
 two men were blocking the gate . 
 there is a time to fight , and a time to run . 
 albert was in a bad position . 
 he knew it . 
 he abruptly turned , intent on outrunning the goons and hoping no guns were involved . 
 twenty feet into his retreat , two additional goons appeared . 
 `` shit , '' albert said quietly to himself . 
 four of remons ' goons were now surrounding him . 
 one said , `` time to take a ride , asshole . '' 
 the day had generally been going albert 's way , until now . 
 chapter 23 james and veronica had arrived at their destination . 
 veronica fumbled in her purse and searched for the key . 
 james said , `` how come you wo n't ever go out with me ? 
 you know i really like you . '' 
 veronica sighed softly , `` james , you 're really nice . 
 we 've been through this before . 
 it 's nothing personal . '' 
 she found the key and hastily unlocked the door with her left hand . 
 james was standing to her right . 
 she touched him on his left shoulder and smiled . 
 `` you will find someone . 
 persistence . 
 that 's my motto . '' 
 opening the door , she took a step into the apartment , saying `` goodnight '' as she closed the door . 
 `` good night , '' james was talking to the door . 
 no one was listening . 
 james walked back to the street and headed for the marina . 
 it was dark outside . 
 the city lights were reflecting off the scattered low-lying clouds . 
 james pulled the baseball out of his jacket pocket , tossing it up and catching it with his right hand . 
 over and over , as he walked , the ball went up and down . 
 james was daydreaming in the dark . 
 he was thinking about the baseball game . 
 he was thinking about albert . 
 he was thinking about what albert had said , ` they just keep them tucked away for the right moment . ' 
 james was walking alongside a small group of people . 
 it was a friday night ; a night following a ballgame . 
 there were crowds still out drinking and having fun . 
 james said aloud , to no one in particular , `` i have balls ! '' 
 the people around him laughed . 
 then , james laughed . 
 `` yeah , i said it . 
 i have balls ! '' 
 he made his way back to the dockside store , unlocked the door , and walked inside . 
 the place was completely dark . 
 james locked the door and went to the rear storage room . 
 once there , he reached overhead and pulled down a thick blanket and pillow . 
 james unrolled the blanket on the floor . 
 then , he remembered about albert 's gun , hidden away under the service counter . 
 he wanted to look at it . 
 he walked out of the storeroom and proceeded to the left side of the small retail store . 
 he leaned over , hanging from the countertop with his left hand and fishing around underneath with his right hand . 
 locating the gun , he lifted it out and placed it on the countertop . 
 the moonlight was reflecting through a nearby window , and the gun seemed to be staring back at him . 
 there was a knock at the door . 
 james was scared . 
 he crouched down behind the counter . 
 there was another knock . 
 still cowering , suddenly , a wave of courage flowed over him . 
 he stood up , exclaiming , in a soft voice , `` i 've got balls ! '' 
 he picked up albert 's gun and walked to the front entrance of the store . 
 the stranger could see him , and he could see the stranger . 
 james said , `` go away . 
 we are closed . 
 come back tomorrow . '' 
 the stranger said , `` open the door , james . '' 
 james quivered ; he knew the voice . 
 halfway opening the door with his left hand , james kept the gun at his side and in his right hand . 
 he said , `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` how was the game tonight ? 
 have fun ? '' 
 james said , `` yeah , so ? 
 what do you want , eric ? '' 
 eric and james had worked together in the past . 
 eric still worked for remons . 
 `` i 'm here to offer you a new job . 
 put away the gun . '' 
 eric pushed james backwards . 
 he came inside the store . 
 the door was still partway open . 
 `` put the gun down . 
 it 's dangerous . 
 you do n't know how to use that thing . '' 
 james raised the gun and pointed it over eric 's right shoulder . 
 he growled , `` go away , eric . 
 i do n't want a new job . '' 
 eric said , `` put down the gun , james . 
 you and i both know it 's not your thing . 
 you do n't know how to use it . '' 
 james fired a shot over eric 's shoulder . 
 it went through the all-glass door , shattering it across the dock . 
 `` i said , go away ! '' 
 eric lunged at him . 
 it was too late . 
 james pointed the gun at eric 's head , screaming , `` i do have balls ! '' 
 he pulled the trigger . 
 the bullet 's impact knocked the man backwards through the doorway . 
 he fell on the dock in front of the store . 
 his head was mutilated from the impact . 
 james stepped through the doorway . 
 he gazed down at the dead man on the dock . 
 `` like i said , asshole . 
 i do have balls ! '' 
 following nighttime baseball games , the police routinely patrolled the shopping area on the pier . 
 it was an area where hyped up fans sometimes got out of control , resulting in fights or vandalism . 
 a pair of police officers had heard the gunshots . 
 james stood over eric in a trance . 
 he held the gun up and admired it in the moonlight . 
 it was so beautiful and powerful . 
 he intended to keep it ; he was sure albert could find another one . 
 then , he vaguely heard the sounds of running footsteps . 
 he looked to his right and saw the officers approaching . 
 the first police officer said , `` drop the gun ! '' 
 james did not comply . 
 his eyes moved back to the pistol . 
 the second officer said , `` drop the gun ! 
 now ! '' 
 james snapped out of the trance . 
 he lowered the gun , then bent over and gently laid the powerful weapon on the dock . 
 as he was standing up , the second police officer knocked james facedown onto the dock . 
 james ' arms were pulled behind him , and handcuffs were locked in place . 
 the officer lifted james to his feet . 
 his head was swimming . 
 james exclaimed , `` it was ... it was an intruder ! 
 he broke in to my store . 
 i was protecting myself ! 
 i live here . 
 i 'm james edwards . '' 
 the first officer pushed james down on a bench outside the store entrance . 
 `` calm down . 
 just sit there . '' 
 the second officer , talking to the first officer , said , `` i 've already called the detectives in the downtown station . 
 they will be here in ten minutes . '' 
 james jumped off the bench . 
 he was yelling , `` i was protecting myself ! 
 i live here ! 
 he was breaking in ! '' 
 one of the officers pointed to the bench . 
 `` sit back down . 
 now ! '' 
 james sat back down . 
 he slouched over . 
 the courage had been fleeting . 
 it was gone now . 
 a few minutes later , the detectives arrived . 
 the officers talked quietly with them for a few more minutes . 
 james remained hunched over on the bench . 
 a detective walked over to the gun . 
 using a plastic bag as a glove , he picked it up and pulled the bag around the gun . 
 james looked at him and pleaded , `` i was protecting myself ! 
 i live here ! 
 he was breaking in ! '' 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 the detective was beginning the interrogation . 
 `` james edwards . 
 i work here . 
 i live here . 
 i watch tv . 
 i know i have a right to protect myself from harm ! '' 
 `` mr. edwards , i am trying to sort this out . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` the strange man there , he was knocking on the doors of the store . 
 i told him to go away . 
 you know , come back tomorrow . 
 he would n't listen . '' 
 `` did you open the door ? '' 
 `` no way , man ! 
 i would not open the door after hours , in the dark , for a stranger . '' 
 `` so how did he get in ? '' 
 james ' mind was racing . 
 he was in a lurch . 
 looking around , he spotted the glass shards from his errant shot scattered everywhere . 
 he lied , `` he busted out the window in the door , reached in , and turned the knob . '' 
 the detective asked a follow up question . 
 `` how did he break the glass ? '' 
 james quickly said , `` his elbow , man ! 
 people do it all the time . '' 
 the detective surveyed the dead man 's body . 
 he was already skeptical of the story . 
 the man was wearing a jacket , so the suspect 's story was plausible . 
 then , the detective recognized the dead man . 
 it was one of remons ' thugs . 
 his interest in this death now began diminishing . 
 the detective , still studying the dead man , casually asked , `` what happened next ? '' 
 james said , `` i lifted the gun and pointed it at the door . 
 i yelled at him to go away . 
 he did n't listen . 
 he broke the window , opened the door , and just walked inside ! '' 
 `` then what happened ? '' 
 `` i shot him . 
 right is right . 
 he was trying to mug me or steal from the store . 
 probably would have killed me , if i did n't shoot first . '' 
 `` did the stranger have a gun ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , man . 
 it was dark . 
 i did n't turn on the lights . '' 
 `` so you did not see a gun on the stranger ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no , i did n't . '' 
 the dead man was lying on his back . 
 the detective bent over and carefully lifted open the man 's jacket . 
 as he expected , remons ' thug had a gun in a shoulder holster . 
 he released his hold on the jacket and stood back up . 
 james had been watching . 
 `` see ! 
 i told you ! 
 he was going to kill me ! 
 just savin ' my skin ; that 's all i was doin ' ! '' 
 the detective held up the bag with albert 's gun . 
 he asked , `` is this your gun ? '' 
 james slumped back down on the bench . 
 `` no . '' 
 the detective moved a little closer , now thinking there may be more to the story . 
 `` where did you get the gun , mr. edwards ? '' 
 `` it belongs to a guy here in the marina . 
 he has that big sailboat on dock 14 . '' 
 james lifted his left arm , pointing it toward teleport . 
 he did not lift his head . 
 `` i was keeping an eye on the gun for him . '' 
 the detective whispered something to one of the officers . 
 the officer walked away and headed toward teleport . 
 the detective continued , `` what 's the name of the owner ? '' 
 `` the captain ? '' 
 james lifted his head and looked at the detective . 
 `` yeah , his name is albert . 
 i 'm not sure of his last name . '' 
 `` is he on the ship right now ? '' 
 `` he should be . 
 we went to the giants game together . 
 he said he was tired and going to bed . '' 
 the police officer that walked to teleport was now returning . 
 `` nobody home , detective . 
 i knocked several times . '' 
 now , the detective seemingly had his teeth latched onto james ' neck . 
 time to tighten the jaws . 
 `` where 's this albert guy ? 
 there 's no one on the ship . 
 are you sure this gun does n't belong to you ? 
 did you buy it on the street ? '' 
 james was surprised . 
 then he was scared . 
 `` it 's not my gun ! 
 i do n't own any guns . 
 gee , detective . 
 i do n't know . 
 he said he was going to bed an hour ago . 
 i swear . 
 it belongs to the captain . '' 
 `` thank you , mr. edwards . 
 that 's all the questions i have for tonight . '' 
 james perked up . 
 `` no problem , detective ! 
 just doing my duty as a citizen . 
 protecting myself , and all . 
 thanks for believing me ! 
 can you get these handcuffs off ? 
 they 're really uncomfortable . '' 
 the detective waved over one of the officers . 
 james stood up , relieved the ordeal was ending . 
 the officer stepped up , reached behind james ' back , and gripped a hand firmly around his arm . 
 `` mr. edwards . 
 you have the right to remain silent . 
 anything you say can , and will be used against you in a court of law -- '' james was stunned . 
 `` wait a minute ! 
 i told you it was self-protection ! 
 how can you arrest me ? 
 `` let 's go , mr. edwards . 
 you can sort it out with the boys downtown . '' 
 chapter 24 the owner was moving slowly across the bay , heading west toward the golden gate bridge . 
 remons was standing on the upper deck . 
 he was portside , leaning on the railing and gazing at the san francisco skyline . 
 elizabeth walked up the two flights of stairs in the forward section . 
 huffing from drunkenness , more than exertion , she straightened up and looked around the deck . 
 remons turned to face her . 
 he issued a command , but it was almost a request . 
 he said , `` get over here . '' 
 elizabeth exhaled and walked toward him . 
 remons held a glass of bourbon in his right hand . 
 he lifted his left hand from the railing and pointed at the city skyline . 
 it was glowing radiantly , with the full moon hanging low on the horizon above it . 
 he said , `` at a distance , the city looks peaceful . 
 we both know that is n't true , though . 
 right ? '' 
 elizabeth , still drunk , leaned over and hung both arms over the railing . 
 `` yes , i love san francisco . 
 it 's my home . '' 
 she daydreamed for a moment , and then said , `` mr. remons , i was on the owner two weeks ago , sir . 
 why am i back so soon ? '' 
 remons sighed . 
 `` we 've had a bad night . 
 there was an explosion at plant 1 . 
 at almost the same time , one of the buildings in michigan exploded , too . '' 
 `` what ... i do n't understand . 
 why ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 we are under attack . 
 bill is working now to figure out what happened . '' 
 remons changed his tone , adding more care and concern to his voice . 
 he looked down at her , saying , `` i was worried about your safety . 
 that 's why you are here . '' 
 elizabeth blushed , but she knew he was lying . 
 fate had dealt her a bad hand tonight . 
 remons ' attention returned to the skyline . 
 `` have a drink . 
 let 's enjoy the bridge as we pass below it . '' 
 `` mr. remons , please . 
 already ? 
 do we have to do this ? '' 
 remons looked at her , this time the sternness back in his eyes . 
 `` this is part of your job . 
 do n't argue with me . '' 
 she backed off the pleading method and tried a different approach . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i understand , but why not one of the girls from the service ? 
 i vetted two fresh , young women last week . 
 remember the pictures i showed you ? 
 i can send the helicopter right now to pick up one of them . 
 they are safe . 
 i am sure you will get more enjoyment that way . '' 
 `` no . 
 not tonight , anyway . 
 you got lucky . 
 your turn came around earlier than expected . 
 that 's a good thing for both of us . 
 come on . 
 let 's have some fun . '' 
 elizabeth stared at the skyline . 
 there was nothing else she could do . 
 `` sure , why not . 
 let 's get a drink . '' 
 remons smiled , wrapping his left arm around her waist . 
 `` now you 're talking . '' 
 he handed her his empty glass . 
 `` pour me another bourbon . '' 
 the owner was creeping along at a slow pace , probably less than four knots . 
 a speedboat was fast approaching , aft and port of the owner . 
 it was catching them quickly . 
 as the speedboat neared , the stern section of the owner began to rise . 
 the large door , spanning the full width of the stern , rolled up and disappeared inside the hull , just like sections of a garage door on most houses across the country . 
 a ramp then slid from the stern and into the churning water behind the owner . 
 the speedboat continued its approach , slowing somewhat as it neared the massive ship . 
 the driver nosed the speedboat up the ramp and shut off the engines . 
 it slid up the ramp and hit a large air bag , stopping its forward momentum rapidly . 
 the ramp retracted , drawing the speedboat inside the larger ship . 
 the large door began to close . 
 section by section , the door panels rolled down their tracks . 
 as the massive door closed , the owner 's pace quickened to eighteen knots per hour . 
 the owner passed below the golden gate bridge and sailed into the darkness of the pacific ocean . 
 from stem to stern , the owner was two hundred thirty five feet in length . 
 its beam width , across the stern , was forty-seven feet . 
 in most areas of the ship , the above waterline view revealed windows and doors , suggesting three floors , or decks , not including the outside upper deck , covering most of the top surface of the vessel . 
 the aft portion of the ship was different with only two sections . 
 the garage began below the waterline . 
 vertically , it continued until meeting remons ' enormous suite , it positioned above the garage and continuing upward until reaching the upper deck . 
 the garage was massive . 
 it was almost more impressive than the wraparound suite sitting atop it . 
 it spread across the stern its full width . 
 the garage and remons ' suite were the two largest space hogs on the vessel . 
 together , they consumed twenty percent of the usable , enclosed space aboard the vessel . 
 including the just returning boat , two speedboats , each thirty-five feet in length , occupied space in the aft garage . 
 in addition , there were six personal watercraft , aligned in two rows facing the aft door , and ready for rapid launch . 
 albert looked around in amazement . 
 it was a remarkable sight , despite his feelings for remons . 
 the guard said , `` get out , asshole . '' 
 another guard grabbed albert 's arm , lifting him from the seat involuntarily . 
 `` get out , now . '' 
 albert climbed over the starboard side of the speedboat and jumped on the ramp . 
 `` nice place you have here , boys . '' 
 one of the goons said , `` follow me . '' 
 albert followed , walking up the ramp and climbing the stairs to the next floor . 
 they were in a hallway full of cabins . 
 he opened one of the cabin doors and said , `` get in here . '' 
 albert was n't sure now if it was port or starboard . 
 the ship was large and he could not detect its motion any longer . 
 he could be facing fore or aft , maybe even port or starboard . 
 he just did n't know . 
 albert walked into the cabin . 
 it was an interior room . 
 there were no windows or secondary exits . 
 `` nice digs . 
 when 's dinner ? '' 
 the guard shoved albert deeper into the room , saying , `` you 're staying here . 
 the boss wants to talk to you . 
 but he 's busy right now . '' 
 albert heard the door locking . 
 he walked to the door , studying its construction . 
 `` nice . 
 how am i getting out of this ? '' 
 albert fell backward on the bed . 
 at least it was comfortable . 
 he surveyed the ceiling construction , hoping some weakness in the structure would reveal itself and magically transport him off the ship . 
 someone knocked at the door . 
 he watched , as it was unlocked and opened . 
 standing in the hallway was a man with a tray . 
 it was overflowing with food . 
 the man stepped into the room and placed the smorgasbord on the table . 
 then another tray ! 
 right behind the first servant , in walked another man carrying a tray with an assortment of beverages . 
 he placed it on the table . 
 both men left the cabin , leaving the door open . 
 albert 's thought to lunge for the door was slower than the guard . 
 standing in the doorway , the guard said , `` mr. remons will see you topside in thirty minutes . 
 you should eat now . 
 i will be back for you later . '' 
 then , he closed the door and locked it . 
 albert was alone , except for the food and drink . 
 he shrugged , and said , `` might as well eat . 
 nothing else to do . '' 
 he took two steps over to the table and plopped down carelessly in one of the expensive looking chairs . 
 surveying the cornucopia of food , he wondered briefly if remons was trying to poison him . 
 the thought was fleeting . 
 albert knew that was n't remons ' style . 
 it was too passive of an approach for remons . 
 he liked watching his victims die . 
 on the beverage tray , albert picked up a bottle of water and twisted the cap off . 
 he downed the bottle in one pass . 
 next , he rummaged through the single-serve liquor bottles . 
 albert picked out two bottles of tequila and two bottles of gin . 
 he walked to the bathroom , taking the four bottles with him . 
 albert opened the bottles and poured each of them on his hands over the sink . 
 he wiped the residue on his face and let the alcohol evaporate on his skin . 
 returning to the table , he placed the empty bottles on the tray and sat down . 
 then , he opened a can of club soda and poured it in a glass over ice . 
 the ballpark bratwursts were wearing off . 
 albert surveyed the food tray , eventually selecting the steak . 
 he did n't know what cut , but it was exceptional . 
 some fries and an orange rounded off his first dining experience aboard the owner . 
 albert no longer had his phone , but he felt at least thirty minutes had passed . 
 he was worried . 
 they were sailing beyond san francisco and he did not want to be on the owner much longer . 
 his schedule was severely at risk . 
 albert stepped back to the bed . 
 he ruffled the bedding and fell face forward on its surface , looking like a man having had too many drinks . 
 a few minutes later , there was a knock on the door . 
 albert did not move . 
 he kept his eyes closed . 
 the door opened and he could hear someone walk in . 
 `` get up ! '' 
 albert did n't move . 
 the goon kicked his foot , saying , `` i said , get up ! '' 
 albert tilted his head up and turned over groggily . 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm sllleeeep-y . '' 
 `` time to see mr. remons . '' 
 albert sat up slowly , rubbing his head and eyes . 
 `` sure thing . 
 let 's see the wizard . '' 
 `` sir , please follow me . '' 
 albert walked behind the guard . 
 this time , they arrived at a different staircase . 
 `` start climbing . 
 all the way up . '' 
 albert climbed the stairs slowly and unsteadily . 
 as he neared the top , he could see the stars and some scattered clouds . 
 up on deck , another guard said , `` follow me . '' 
 they walked across the deck to the forward sitting area . 
 remons was sitting . 
 he was in the same chair as earlier , when albert met him the first time . 
 `` sit down , '' the guard said , pointing at the chair . 
 albert sat down and the guard walked away . 
 albert and remons were facing each other at broad angles , a small coffee table between them . 
 on the table , albert could see his phone and wallet . 
 `` mr. pabek . 
 welcome back to the owner . '' 
 albert cocked his head and started slurring , `` remons ! 
 you ... what happened ... i think -- '' `` please cut out the act , '' remons interrupted . 
 `` there are three cameras in your cabin . '' 
 albert smiled and straightened his posture in the chair . 
 `` busted . 
 what can i say ? '' 
 over the past twenty years , remons had dealt with a dozen people , just like pabek . 
 they came out of the woodwork from time to time . 
 some were former employees . 
 others were business owners remons had screwed in his dealings . 
 all of them ended up dead . 
 he had little patience for annoyances from disgruntled people . 
 but , karl remons believed in conspiracy theories ; mainly because he was a conspirator in many underhanded activities . 
 since receiving the call from the unknown caller on the previous night , remons had been more careful in how he approached new problems . 
 in his mind , he doubted albert pabek had any relationship to the unknown caller . 
 pabek seemed too arrogant and stupid . 
 but , in his gut , he felt uneasy . 
 it was too much of a coincidence -- the unknown caller and pabek , each bothering karl remons on the same day . 
 remons asked , `` why are you bothering me ? '' 
 `` bothering you ? 
 me ? '' 
 albert gazed around the ship , a puzzled look on his face . 
 `` i have been kidnapped and am now being held hostage . 
 i think maybe you are bothering me ! '' 
 `` you are not a prisoner . 
 you are free to leave at anytime . 
 however , i do not recommend it . 
 the water is very cold and ... '' remons looked aft and toward san francisco . 
 `` ... it seems we are probably ten miles from shore . '' 
 albert estimated the ship was traveling at about twenty knots per hour . 
 the owner was distancing itself from the california coast , moving at a rate of one mile every three minutes . 
 no time to waste . 
 `` what do you want , remons ? '' 
 remons decided he could not kill pabek , at least not yet . 
 he said , `` i want you to leave me alone . 
 go back to michigan . 
 that 's where you 're from . 
 right ? '' 
 remons was pointing at albert 's wallet . 
 albert ignored his question . 
 `` you tell the goons to leave me alone . 
 call them off . 
 maybe we wo n't have any more trouble . '' 
 `` there will be no more trouble from my side , assuming you do n't cause me , or remons global , any more trouble . '' 
 albert could see the uncertainty in remons eyes . 
 he was scared . 
 albert smiled , saying , `` why do n't you just kill me now ? 
 i 'm just one man . 
 right ? 
 i do n't have any power over you . 
 correct ? 
 i 'm not really the new owner . 
 am i ? 
 who would know ? 
 what 's the downside ? '' 
 remons leaned forward and poked albert hard in the chest . 
 `` i 'll fucking kill you when i want to kill you . 
 not before . '' 
 albert did not speak or move . 
 he sat there , staring intensely into remons ' eyes . 
 remons stared back with equal intensity . 
 finally , remons said , `` now , get off the owner . '' 
 a guard stepped forward . 
 he said , `` get your things . '' 
 he was pointing at the table . 
 albert grabbed his wallet and phone . 
 `` see you later , remons . '' 
 their conversation had lasted almost ten minutes . 
 the owner was now at least thirteen miles offshore . 
 albert was escorted back down to the garage . 
 one of the goons had a waverunner unleashed from its tie downs . 
 `` here 's your ride home . '' 
 he continued , `` top of the line . 
 it 's a gift from mr. remons . 
 good luck with the ride back to san francisco . '' 
 a guard pressed a button on the wall . 
 the garage door panels rose slowly . 
 albert watched as the darkness appeared . 
 he could faintly see a glow of lights on the horizon . 
 he hoped it was still san francisco . 
 the guard by the waverunner said , `` get going . '' 
 albert 's brain was in high speed . 
 `` i need a gps . '' 
 the goons laughed . 
 one of them frowned and tilted his head empathetically . 
 sarcastically , and sounding like a salesperson at an electronics store , he said , `` really sorry about that . 
 sold our last one yesterday . 
 we are out of stock and do n't expect a new shipment until next week . '' 
 the other goon guffawed and patted his buddy on the back . 
 `` that was a good one ! '' 
 albert ignored the remark . 
 he asked another question , adding his own silly comment . 
 `` well , let me try another request . 
 can i at least have one of the extra gas jugs ? 
 it will give me something to drink . 
 in case i get thirsty ? '' 
 the stupid comment elicited laughs from the guards . 
 one guard said , `` sure . 
 why not ? 
 it will give you more time to drive around . 
 it still wo n't solve your problem of being lost in the dark . '' 
 albert picked up one of the gas jugs and strapped it tightly on the back floorboard of the watercraft . 
 he located the watertight storage compartment , below the passenger seat , and placed his wallet and phone inside . 
 he picked up a life vest and strapped it around his body . 
 he stepped aboard and straddled the seat . 
 the all black personal watercraft was a high performance yamaha waverunner , an fzr model , featuring a supercharged , four-cylinder engine . 
 he studied the controls quickly . 
 the anti-theft key fob was attached to the rider-down safety lanyard . 
 the lanyard was already in position for the vessel to function . 
 albert wrapped the strap around his left wrist and placed his hand on the grip . 
 the left grip had several features , including start-stop for the engine and trim controls to adjust the vessel 's performance . 
 he surveyed the dash . 
 there were two large analog gauges , with an electronic , multifunction lcd screen separating them . 
 the left gauge was the speedometer . 
 on the right was a tachometer . 
 the lcd featured several icons , including oil pressure and fuel level . 
 fuel level was indicated by four black rectangles , one atop another . 
 as gas was consumed , the boxes would disappear . 
 when no boxes remained , the watercraft was out of gas . 
 albert was relieved to see the tank was full -- four boxes were showing . 
 albert knew the yamaha was fast ; both in speed and in fuel consumption . 
 the owner was now at least sixteen miles away from shore . 
 the gas tank should hold between fifteen and twenty gallons of fuel . 
 driven conservatively , he figured a range of about seventy-five miles . 
 this was n't too bad , albert thought . 
 that did not include the extra fuel canister . 
 albert searched for the fuel tank cap . 
 he found it located forward of the handlebars , under the front storage compartment lid . 
 he closed the lid on the compartment and sat back down . 
 he placed his right hand on the right handlebar grip , positioning his thumb on the throttle . 
 he looked up at the guards , and said , `` i 'm ready . '' 
 a guard released the bow hook . 
 albert 's new possession slid effortlessly down the teflon coated rails and slipped silently into the dark ocean . 
 he pressed the start button with his left thumb and pushed the throttle forward with his right thumb . 
 adding power , he turned the handlebars and pointed the yamaha toward the distant horizon lights . 
 he steadily pushed the powerful watercraft up to thirty miles per hour . 
 he reviewed the tachometer . 
 the engine was powered at around 70 % and well below the rpm redline . 
 this should be a good balance between speed and fuel conservation . 
 but , the seas were too rough . 
 albert was bouncing erratically in his seat as the waverunner popped across the wave tops . 
 at this speed , he risked falling off the big yamaha . 
 albert slowed to fifteen miles per hour . 
 he knew safety was more important than speed . 
 as the small craft continued toward the shoreline lights , his brain processed some new calculations . 
 it would take at least an hour to reach the golden gate bridge . 
 the marina and teleport were probably another fifteen minutes further . 
 he felt reasonably good about the fuel situation . 
 there should be enough , in the main tank alone , for at least two hours . 
 he also had the reserve tank as a backup . 
 once he was closer , albert intended to carefully remove his phone from its watertight storage box . 
 using the gps feature , he would check his position and make final adjustments to his heading . 
 however , he would only remove the phone one time . 
 it was risky . 
 rough seas , darkness , and non-waterproof electronics were a poor combination . 
 albert was shaken from his thoughts . 
 an alarm was sounding . 
 he looked at the dash . 
 only one square of fuel was showing and it was flashing . 
 he was running out of gas . 
 he slowed the vessel . 
 it did n't make any sense to him . 
 then , suddenly it did make sense . 
 aboard the owner , the waverunner was parked on a steep angle on its ramp . 
 the fuel level sensor was located in the rear of the gas tank . 
 the sensor read the fuel level incorrectly , until albert had the waverunner sitting flat on the water . 
 albert had not bothered to look at the gauge after leaving the owner . 
 `` no , albert , '' he yelled aloud . 
 he was very angry with himself for not double-checking the waverunner 's condition . 
 this was one of his rules in life -- always double-check . 
 `` you were n't deceived . 
 you did not open the gas tank and check its contents visually . 
 you did not look at the gauge after reaching the water . '' 
 he shut off the engine and opened the forward storage hatch . 
 carefully , he unscrewed the gas cap and placed it down in the compartment . 
 then he untied the extra fuel tank . 
 the waverunner was bobbing erratically in the darkness . 
 this was going to be a challenge . 
 he removed the cap from the gas can and pulled out the nozzle . 
 slowly , he lifted it and poured its contents in the waverunner 's tank . 
 he strapped the empty can back in place on the rear deck . 
 then , he slowly replaced the cap on the vessel 's fuel tank and closed the compartment lid . 
 he looked down at the fuel gauge . 
 it now showed two boxes . 
 he reset the buzzer and all went quiet around him . 
 for a few minutes , he just sat there , thinking . 
 finally , he restarted the engine , engaged the throttle , and accelerated to fifteen miles per hour . 
 albert guessed he was between five and eight miles away from the golden gate bridge . 
 he pressed onward , bouncing erratically through the swells . 
 twenty minutes later , he studied the path in front of him . 
 he would survive tonight 's ordeal . 
 the bridge was looming ahead of him . 
 the low fuel buzzer sounded again , just as he passed below the golden gate bridge . 
 he reset the alarm . 
 there was one-fourth of a tank remaining . 
 less than fifteen minutes later , he passed behind the pier marina breakwater . 
 he could see teleport . 
 two minutes later , he gently bumped the waverunner alongside the dock . 
 albert located a loose dock line and tied off his new toy . 
 he shut down the engine , climbed up on to the dock , and collapsed on its weathered wooden slats . 
 the dock was cold and damp . 
 he did n't care . 
 he was tired . 
 it was late . 
 things were definitely off schedule . 
 and , it was no longer the first day of summer . 
 chapter 25 mike bell felt the phone vibrating in his left pocket . 
 it was bill shefford calling . 
 most certainly , he wanted a status report on the mechanical building at plant 37 . 
 mike pressed the accept button on the mobile phone , lifted the handset to his ear and spoke , all in a single fluid motion . 
 `` no change , bill . 
 we are in deep shit . '' 
 mike could hear bill groaning . 
 otherwise , he was silent . 
 mike shrugged to himself and kept talking . 
 `` how are things there ? 
 you and sam got it under control ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's bad . 
 not your worry . 
 focus on plant 37 . 
 call me , please , with any news . '' 
 `` will do . 
 hang in there . 
 you know it will get better . 
 always does . '' 
 mike pressed the end call icon and returned the phone to his pocket . 
 he was standing on the shipping dock of plant 37 . 
 ted smith stood on his right . 
 they were staring through the open dock doors , looking absently at the smoldering pile that was once the mechanical building . 
 the atf team had come and went , having confirmed no explosives , or any other nefarious activities , were responsible for the explosion . 
 the police were gone . 
 no one had died . 
 the fire department was gone . 
 the fire had been extinguished . 
 the paramedics were gone . 
 no one was injured . 
 now , the overwhelming task of restoring services to the plant loomed large over their heads . 
 plant 37 had less than eight days to rebuild the structure and its contents . 
 they had to rebuild the complete infrastructure . 
 boilers , air handlers , transformers , fluid management pumps , holding tanks ; the list seemed endless . 
 `` mike ! '' 
 jonna serlins was running fast toward them . 
 mike and ted turned away from the view into the dark night , to see a different dark view into the manufacturing plant . 
 only a flashlight was visible as it bobbed up and down in jonna 's hand . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mike said , a little aggravated about her approach . 
 jonna worked in quality control . 
 she was responsible for monitoring work on second shift . 
 she worked for mike , that is , as long as no quality problems occurred . 
 when an issue arose , her only reporting line was to ed tanzar , the quality director at plant 37 . 
 panting from the run , jonna replied , `` i 've already called ed -- '' `` what ? '' 
 mike was upset . 
 this was his operation . 
 each time jonna found something wrong , she called ed . 
 it did n't matter the time of night . 
 ed would call mike and yell at him about the problem . 
 mike would waste time explaining the problem , instead of working on a solution . 
 `` no , really , mike , this is n't a small problem . 
 i had to call ed . 
 i 'm not overreacting - this time , anyway . '' 
 mike gained his composure . 
 `` so , tell me what 's happening . 
 what extra mess do i have to clean up now ? '' 
 `` the plant manager from world auto just called . 
 not the second shift manager , the plant manager . '' 
 she paused for emphasis . 
 the quality department in a manufacturing plant works like a city fire department . 
 the department focuses most efforts on prevention . 
 no one wants a fire . 
 likewise , no one wants a quality problem . 
 however , when the fire , or quality issue , arises , it 's time to fight the fire - the fire that should have been prevented . 
 the department gleefully springs into action , adrenaline charged and ready to take ownership of the problem . 
 ted and mike were looking at her . 
 she stood quietly , panting slightly , but more so pausing the conversation for dramatic effect . 
 `` well ? '' 
 mike finally asked . 
 `` so , anyway , he called to say there 's a problem with part 4873-4911 . 
 the large roof section stamping . '' 
 `` yes , jonna . 
 i know the part . 
 we all do . '' 
 mike was annoyed . 
 this was the largest stamping , produced on the single largest stamping press , and also plant 37 's highest volume seller . 
 remons global produced it only in plant 37 . 
 the massive , specially fabricated stamping tools sat in a uniquely designed hydraulic , computer controlled stamping press . 
 the finished parts shipped to world auto 's assembly plant , just a few miles away . 
 world auto subsequently welded the roof section on a frame . 
 the frame eventually exited the world auto factory as a finished car . 
 the car was named destroyer . 
 the destroyer was the best selling car in the united states and canada . 
 `` there 's a seam crack in one of the structural pillars . 
 all parts , every single production batch , have failed inspection . 
 there is a structural defect . 
 everything is bad . 
 world auto has stopped the assembly line and sent the workers home . '' 
 mike looked at the floor . 
 `` deeper and deeper , we go . 
 it 's a bottomless pit of shit . '' 
 in his gut , he already knew the answer . 
 nevertheless , mike asked anyway , praying his many years of experience would be proven incorrect . 
 `` do you know why this happened ? '' 
 jonna did not hesitate . 
 `` the punch and die set along section af . 
 they were machined out of specification . 
 the angle is grossly out . '' 
 mike knew . 
 just to clarify what else he thought he knew . 
 `` is grossly out ? '' 
 `` yes , mike . 
 everything in the warehouse , all of the inventory , it is scrap . 
 junk . 
 not repairable . 
 we have shut down world auto and the destroyer production . '' 
 mike laughed , his body searching frantically for a pressure relief valve and selecting the inappropriate reaction to the situation . 
 `` i 'll make the calls , '' mike said , shaking his head as he walked away into the darkness of plant 37 . 
 his career with remons global was finished . 
 the automotive manufacturing industry is big business . 
 it is one of the largest industries in the world , only outsized by military and other transfer payment based businesses sponsored by different governments . 
 the distribution of power within the industry is imbalanced . 
 the car manufacturers , called original equipment manufacturers , or oems for short , sometimes use this power to negotiate supplier contracts with oversized punitive clauses . 
 small quality problems or late deliveries result in fines against the suppliers by the oems . 
 larger problems result in bigger fines . 
 the fines are labeled in the contracts as cost recovery payments . 
 plant 37 had signed a contract with world auto and it had a cost recovery clause . 
 once the destroyer line stopped assembling , the financial penalty counter began to run . 
 as each minute passed , the debt remons global owed to world auto increased by tens of thousands of dollars . 
 mike walked over to the dock . 
 a chair was wedged between two dock doors . 
 he pulled out the chair and collapsed into its coffee-stained fabric seat . 
 he pulled the mobile phone from his pocket , scrolled to bill 's name , and pressed the mobile number . 
 two rings later , bill answered , `` please tell me something good . '' 
 `` the destroyer line is down . 
 hard down . 
 our roof stamping failed durability . 
 all inventories are scrap . 
 non-repairable . '' 
 mike 's voice almost sounded robotic . 
 his emotions were shot . 
 `` well ? 
 that 's it , then . 
 right ? 
 we 're toast ? '' 
 mike said , `` yes . 
 the people remaining behind will get a new employer . 
 i hear world auto is a good outfit to work for . 
 too bad for you and me . 
 i guess we can chew pencils together in the unemployment line . '' 
 then , he asked , `` what will you tell remons ? 
 it does n't matter , right ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 with that , bill disconnected the call . 
 he did n't wait . 
 he pressed the speed dial button for remons mobile phone . 
 the call went directly to voicemail . 
 `` mr. remons , please call me back , asap . 
 plant 37 shut down the destroyer line at world auto . '' 
 that was it . 
 no other details were needed . 
 remons would immediately know what was next . 
 what was next was a team was in route to plant 37 . 
 it was n't remons rescue . 
 world auto 's own crisis fix-it team was heading there . 
 bill was standing outside the minivan , leaning on the rear bumper , and staring at the pavement . 
 he looked up , seeing sam walking across the parking lot and toward the minivan . 
 he sighed and began walking toward him ; the pair now facing the biggest problem of their careers at remons global . 
 bill asked , `` police and fire department finally gone ? '' 
 `` yeah , they 're gone . 
 the fire department confirmed there was no risk of fire . 
 the pneumatics have been completely shutdown on the work center . 
 everything is locked out . '' 
 turning to look at the building , sam said , `` it 's astonishing the place did n't catch on fire . 
 that 's a massive hole . '' 
 they both walked to the building , now that it was declared safe for entry . 
 the damage , from the outside , looked like a tornado , one that lost its way from the midwest and fell out of the sky in california . 
 a large wall section , more than one hundred feet in width , had been blown out of the building . 
 it was now strewn across the nearby parking lot . 
 an equal area of the roof , above the blown out , twisted wall , was missing . 
 they had watched earlier as the motorized , robotically driven , camera-laden bomb defusing vehicles surveyed the inside of the plant . 
 one of the robots had worked its way around work center 73 . 
 then , it had been easy to identify the cause of the explosion . 
 a control valve on the high-pressure side of the air pressure system had frozen . 
 the back up relief valve had failed to work properly . 
 air pressures had built beyond the design limits of the storage tank and the attached rotational structures . 
 work center 73 had self-destructed . 
 bill said , `` let the first shift maintenance guys sleep until morning . 
 then , call them in for saturday work . 
 they need to clean up the mess and install some temporary covers on the building . '' 
 sam replied , `` no problem . 
 we did not dodge a bullet tonight . 
 at least , though , it was just a rubber one . 
 a few bruises are better than being dead . '' 
 bill smiled , `` the bullet was n't aimed here , i guess . 
 because it hit in the heart of plant 37 . '' 
 bill , still holding his phone , tried to reach remons . 
 voicemail , again . 
 chapter 26 on the upper deck , remons paced around frantically . 
 nothing was working . 
 nothing ! 
 his phones , the owner 's engines , the navigation systems , satellite communication systems , air conditioning ; everything was malfunctioning . 
 the captain emerged from the forward staircase . 
 he was shining a flashlight as he walked across the deck . 
 captain roland caltoan had commanded the owner since she launched in 2012 . 
 the ship was custom designed by remons ' engineers and constructed in a european shipyard . 
 remons hired caltoan in 2010 . 
 his first assignment was to personally manage the ship 's construction in europe . 
 for two years , caltoan lived aboard the vessel under construction . 
 he signed off on every minor detail of the contract . 
 this was his ship . 
 he knew her intimately . 
 remons commissioned the design in 2008 . 
 the owner was a scheduled replacement for his then current ship , the karl remons . 
 after launching the owner , remons sent the karl remons to a new berth in singapore . 
 he periodically jetted across the pacific , spending a few days on the older and significantly smaller ship . 
 captain caltoan walked across the deck and went behind the helicopter . 
 remons was leaning against the stern rail and staring into the darkness . 
 the sky was pitch black . 
 the ocean appeared endless in every direction . 
 `` mr. remons , sir . '' 
 remons spun around slowly . 
 `` what 's happening , roland ? '' 
 `` we do n't know . 
 every computer is down . 
 the engines are dead . 
 hvac is dead . 
 even the ship 's lighting systems , the one 's regulated by the computers , they are flickering like christmas trees . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? 
 just fix it ! 
 i thought you knew the ship 's construction . '' 
 caltoan continued , `` this is serious , sir . 
 we have no propulsion , no navigation , and no communication . 
 we are dead in the water , presumably drifting out into the pacific . '' 
 remons leaned forward and stared down at roland , his face less than six inches away . 
 he just stared , saying nothing . 
 captain caltoan stepped back a pace and continued talking . 
 `` sir , i understand this situation is uncomfortable for you . 
 please accept my humblest apologies . 
 please let me explain . '' 
 caltoan was nervous . 
 they were in the pacific ocean on a private ship . 
 roland caltoan knew that uttering one wrong word could result in him losing his job . 
 not just fired , either . 
 he would be tossed in the sea , probably by remons ' own hands , and left to die slowly from hypothermia . 
 less mercifully , he would die in the teeth of a shark , shredded to pieces . 
 remons slammed both hands on the deck railing . 
 `` why the fuck do i pay you so much money ? 
 you ca n't fix it ? 
 nothing ? '' 
 `` not yet , sir . 
 let me explain what has happened , and what we are doing . '' 
 remons stood silent again , his glare diminishing slightly . 
 at least , that was what caltoan wanted to believe . 
 `` we were on our normal westerly course , having safely crossed the line . '' 
 the ` line ' in this discussion was the twenty-four mile line . 
 once a vessel is twenty-four miles away from the mainland of california , or any united states geographical territory for that matter , it is in international waters . 
 there are two lines - one at twelve miles and another at twenty-four miles . 
 while technically they were in international waters at the twelve-mile line , the space between twelve and twenty-four was still patrolled by the us coast guard . 
 the coast guard had no authority beyond twenty-four miles . 
 captain caltoan continued . 
 `` all systems were working . 
 suddenly , probably twenty-seven miles offshore , it was as if we sailed into a highly charged electrical atmospheric storm . 
 everything went haywire . 
 everything . 
 it 's bermuda triangle kind of stuff . 
 i am not able to explain why this is happening . 
 not yet , sir . '' 
 he was emphasizing this last point , trying to avoid a deathly night swim . 
 `` what about the speedboats ? '' 
 `` their engines wo n't start and the navigation systems are fried anyway . 
 we ca n't find our way back safely without the navigation . '' 
 `` get the helicopter pilot up here . 
 he 's flying me out of this mess ! '' 
 `` sir , i have already considered that option for you . 
 a few minutes ago , i had the pilot check his aircraft . 
 it 's dead , too . 
 we are all stuck . 
 there 's nothing i can do , yet . 
 sir , i will find a solution . '' 
 remons began walking toward the front of the ship . 
 caltoan followed . 
 remons had a good idea about the pacific ocean current flows , but he asked anyway . 
 `` where are we headed on this drifting life raft ? '' 
 `` sir , i have my crew attempting dead reckoning calculations now . 
 the have the sextants out and are refreshing themselves on how to operate them . 
 my guess , right now , is we are drifting south , but more likely south-southwest . 
 current flow is only one to maybe two knots . 
 the problem is the winds . 
 we have a northeasterly breeze helping move us along the path . 
 i 'm guessing this adds another one knot , at -- '' remons interrupted . 
 `` spit it out . '' 
 `` southwesterly . 
 at least three , maybe four knots per hour . 
 the california coastline geography angles away to the southeast . 
 we are drifting away from land quickly -- at least five miles each hour . 
 the owner had been powerless for more than three hours . 
 he continued . 
 `` sir , i believe we are at least fifty miles from the california coastline . '' 
 they had reached the sitting area on the forward part of the ship . 
 remons sat down in one of the chairs . 
 he raised his hand and snapped a finger . 
 an attendant ran up quickly . 
 `` bring me a bourbon . '' 
 looking over at caltoan , remons asked , `` the banking computers and the satellites ? 
 nothing ? 
 we can not do any business tonight ? '' 
 `` no , sir . '' 
 the attendant arrived with the bourbon . 
 remons took it and shooed the attendant away . 
 `` go fix it , caltoan . 
 now ! '' 
 caltoan walked away , thankful remons had not tossed him into the dark and cold sea . 
 ----- in 1996 , remons had taken full control of remons global , following the premature deaths of his partners . 
 the business value at that time was three billion dollars . 
 the deaths had allowed remons to buy out the partners ' estates for one hundred and fifty million dollars . 
 it had been the steal of a lifetime , for remons anyway . 
 in the past seventeen years , he had brutally grown remons global . 
 brutal , in the sense that each portfolio acquisition had been a hostile takeover . 
 remons global now operated one hundred forty eight facilities around the world . 
 not any of them had been a merger of equals , or strategic partnership . 
 it was now a global operation . 
 it was one of the largest companies in the world . 
 annual revenues were huge . 
 but , everyone , other than remons , could only guess at its size . 
 he compartmentalized the details , feeding only necessary information to certain members of the organization , and only in bits and pieces . 
 business publications estimated remons ' net worth at forty three billion dollars , but it was just a guess . 
 only remons knew and he declined any interviewer 's request for confirmation . 
 remons global , based on estimates only , generated annual revenues of more than thirty five billion dollars . 
 remons lived in the united states , in the state of california . 
 he was born in new york . 
 he was a rightful citizen of the democracy , and an obligated taxpayer under internal revenue service laws . 
 remons despised the tax system . 
 only he was worthy of deciding where to spend his hard earned money . 
 the owner was one asset under the remons global umbrella . 
 to outsiders , it was just an over-the-top display of wealth by a very rich and eccentric man . 
 a handful of personal slaves to remons knew the truth . 
 the owner was a floating office . 
 it managed the flow of remons global capital around the world ; discreetly shifting money in and out of different countries , on an almost continual basis . 
 every few days , the owner left the territorial boundaries of the united states . 
 it entered international waters and that 's where the real work began . 
 remons had his own communication satellites to handle the electronic money laundering operations . 
 for several hours , the chief financial officer , controller and vice president of international operations , all aboard the owner , manipulated the financial holdings of remons global , via the secure communication systems onboard . 
 they transmitted commands to the satellites . 
 the satellites spread the commands anonymously to their other low orbit friends , and then to ground stations around the world . 
 for hours , money was flowing in and out of banks globally , like blood moving in and around a person 's body . 
 remons ' laundering operations were more secure than the united states national security administration . 
 his financial team was loyal until their deaths . 
 they knew this . 
 remons had not minced words on the subject . 
 he had told them , years ago , as a group , `` i will personally kill you if you leak this operation . 
 if one of you finds out another person is leaking information , and does not kill that person immediately , i will kill you first . 
 then kill the other person . '' 
 tonight , the asset flows were dead . 
 the blood in the body of remons global sat stuck in a traffic jam . 
 the brain , remons ' floating office , was not talking to the body . 
 he finished the bourbon and stood back up . 
 remembering elizabeth was in his cabin below decks , he decided to wake her up . 
 her ` turn ' was still in play . 
 if he was n't going to sleep , then neither was she . 
 remons climbed down a private aft staircase . 
 it went directly into his suite . 
 the suite spread the full width of the owner 's beam , windows facing aft , as well as to the port and starboard sides of the ship . 
 he placed his feet on the deep , soft carpet of the foyer . 
 around him was nothing but exceptional elegance . 
 he walked across the large living area , down a wide , short hallway , and through the double doors to his bedroom . 
 elizabeth was asleep in the king sized bed ; a bed dwarfed by the sheer size of the room . 
 he turned on the room perimeter lights , and said , `` wake up , sleeping beauty . 
 i ca n't sleep . 
 guess you ca n't either . '' 
 elizabeth awoke slowly and looked at the windows . 
 it was still dark outside . 
 she was not surprised or worried . 
 this was one of her many purposes at remons global . 
 it was just part of the job . 
 she rolled over , smiling seductively at remons . 
 at least , that 's what he chose to believe . 
 chapter 27 it was 5:27 am , on the day after the first day of summer . 
 `` wake up ! '' 
 albert 's eyes flew open . 
 he sprung to his feet ; ready for a fight . 
 the police officer stepped back a few feet , placing his right hand on the gun in his holster . 
 he said , `` slow down , sir . 
 just stand there and keep calm . '' 
 albert stood absolutely still . 
 there was no reason to be shot before breakfast . 
 `` i 'm sorry , officer . 
 you frightened me . 
 i was mugged yesterday -- i 'm a little jumpy at the moment . '' 
 `` sir , what is your name ? '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 albert respected the police , but unwarranted interrogation was not on his personal menu for this morning . 
 `` sir , this is a private dock . 
 vagrants are not allowed out here . '' 
 albert thought the officer did well on the redirected question . 
 he was within his reach to kick out trespassers . 
 still ignoring the first question , albert addressed the second statement from the officer . 
 `` this is my vessel , teleport , '' albert said , pointing to his ship . 
 `` we are registered to this slip , and you may verify this with the marina office . '' 
 albert then stepped over the lifelines and up on the deck of teleport . 
 standing above the police officer , he looked down , and asked , `` will there be anything else , officer ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 do you own a gun ? '' 
 albert was tickled now . 
 of course , he did . 
 he owned an arsenal . 
 `` officer , i do n't understand the relevance of your question . '' 
 the officer was getting frustrated . 
 `` sir , do you own a ruger sr9c ? '' 
 now he had albert 's attention . 
 something had happened with james . 
 `` yes , i do . 
 why ? '' 
 `` are you aware of the current location of your gun ? '' 
 `` officer , number one , the gun is registered in my name . 
 number two , i have a concealed weapon permit , properly issued by the state of michigan . '' 
 he continued , `` to the best of my knowledge , the gun is located in the gas dock store . '' 
 albert was pointing toward the gas dock . 
 `` james edwards has it stored away , for safe keeping . '' 
 `` mr. pabek , i need you to come down to the station with me . '' 
 `` how do you know my name ? '' 
 `` your gun was discharged by mr. james edwards last night . 
 the serial number was traced to you as the lawful owner . 
 mr. edwards has been detained . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 albert could not believe what he was hearing . 
 `` sir , mr. edwards is being held , pending your confirmation of his story , that he was asked , by you , to store the gun . 
 last night , mr. edwards thwarted an attempted robbery of the gas dock store . 
 the intruder was killed with your weapon . '' 
 `` damn ! '' 
 albert did n't think james had it in him . 
 he had underestimated the kid . 
 `` where 's the station , officer ? 
 i want to clean up first , and then i will come down to pick up james . 
 and my gun . '' 
 `` sir , i 'm sorry , but your gun must remain in the evidence locker . 
 until the district attorney dismisses the case , you will be unable to retrieve it . '' 
 `` fine . 
 some directions , please ? '' 
 the officer removed a business card from his shirt pocket , handing it up to albert . 
 albert reached down and accepted the card . 
 on the front side was the officer 's contact information . 
 the backside featured a small map to the police station . 
 the police officer said , `` thanks . '' 
 he rather gruffly walked away . 
 albert decided to get some coffee and breakfast . 
 besides , veronica may be able to explain what happened with james . 
 he stepped back on the dock and untied the yamaha . 
 `` might as well drive my new toy , '' he said . 
 he gingerly stepped off the dock and sat on the waverunner . 
 he lifted his right foot and used it to push the craft away from the dock . 
 albert started the engine . 
 the fuel alarm sounded again . 
 he reset the buzzer . 
 albert idled the waverunner out past the breakwater . 
 once in the bay , he turned right and accelerated toward the main pier where veronica 's coffee shop was located . 
 he reached one of the visitor slips and shut off the engine , as the waverunner glided to the dock . 
 he found a dock line , tied off the watercraft , and climbed up on the dock . 
 daylight was beginning to show itself in northern california . 
 the air was cool , but not so cool as to be unbearable . 
 he walked along the dock , weaving his way to dad 's coffee & more . 
 the lights were on , and the coffee shop was open . 
 veronica was busy brewing special orders for three customers in line . 
 albert noticed several other people drifting slowly toward the coffee shop . 
 they appeared almost like zombies , fresh from the grave , needing whatever it is zombies need first thing in the morning . 
 opening the door , albert smelled the strong fragrance of coffee . 
 he loved the morning . 
 it was tough to beat the combination of coffee and an early morning sun . 
 veronica noticed him . 
 `` hey , albert ! 
 black ? 
 i 'll have it out in a few minutes . 
 you are fourth in the cue . '' 
 albert smiled , `` stick a muffin with it also , please . 
 i 'll find a seat . '' 
 he walked over to the open air dining area , found the same seat as the previous day , and sat down . 
 this morning featured a different view . 
 his sight to the east was much less obstructed with the owner away from its berth . 
 veronica arrived with his order and placed it on the table . 
 `` thanks for making james walk me home last night . 
 i was trashed . 
 i 'm busy right now . 
 i 'll come back over in a few minutes . 
 you 'll still be here ? '' 
 albert smiled at her . 
 `` yes , i 'll be here for a little while . 
 when you come back , will you bring another cup of coffee ? '' 
 `` sure , '' she said . 
 then , veronica bounced back to the service counter . 
 already , three more zombies were waiting for their morning medicine . 
 albert was left to his thoughts . 
 his mind told him , `` you are behind schedule . '' 
 he was indeed behind schedule and needed help . 
 there was no other way to fix it . 
 he pulled the smartphone from his shirt pocket . 
 scrolling the contacts , albert located lawrence stone . 
 albert pressed the send message icon . 
 then he typed , `` off schedule . 
 need help now . '' 
 a moment later , a message popped up from lawrence . 
 `` i 'll get on the next plane out . 
 where to meet ? '' 
 albert 's fondness and familiarity with the coffee shop prevailed . 
 he sent , `` dad 's coffee & more . 
 pier marina . '' 
 he looked up and found veronica sitting at his table . 
 `` i 'm back ! 
 how did you sleep ? '' 
 albert took a bite of the muffin and drank a swallow of coffee . 
 `` not too well . 
 fell asleep on the dock and woke up cold . '' 
 veronica looked confused . 
 `` why sleep outside , when you have that nice sailboat ? '' 
 he momentarily ignored the question , instead asking , `` james walked you home , right ? '' 
 `` sure , he was very nice to do that . '' 
 `` what happened to him , after leaving your place ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he went home , i guess . '' 
 veronica hesitated , gazing down at the table . 
 albert asked , `` what is it ? '' 
 `` james does n't like people to know his business . 
 he lives in the store on the gas dock . 
 sleeps in the storage room floor . 
 he does n't have a real place anywhere else . '' 
 things were a little clearer now for albert . 
 he was guessing it was n't a burglary attempt . 
 the intruder was trying to hurt james , and it was likely albert 's fault . 
 he had spent too much time with james . 
 remons ' goons were shaking him down for information . 
 albert said , `` james is in trouble . 
 he was arrested last night for shooting an intruder . 
 the intruder is dead , and james is in jail . 
 i 'm going to get him from the police station soon . '' 
 `` what ? 
 that 's crazy . 
 james would n't shoot anyone . 
 he does n't own a gun . 
 even if he did , he would n't use it . 
 that 's not his way ! '' 
 `` the gun belongs to me . 
 james was storing it , just like you did for my wallet and phone . '' 
 veronica angrily said , `` this is your fault . 
 you need to get him out ! '' 
 she stood up and went back to brewing zombie medicine . 
 albert finished his breakfast and left a ten-dollar bill on the table . 
 he removed the police station directions from his pocket and headed to the embarcadero . 
 the station was a few blocks away . 
 albert strolled slowly , turn by turn , following the directions . 
 he was enjoying the walk and the cool morning air . 
 it was lifting his spirits . 
 more importantly , it was knocking away some of the self-doubt about his plan . 
 he and lawrence would get things back on schedule . 
 reaching the police station , albert climbed the stairs and walked in the second story building entrance . 
 he announced his arrival to the desk clerk . 
 the clerk looked to his right . 
 an older , grumpy looking officer was sitting at a desk , drinking a cup of coffee , and staring at a computer monitor . 
 `` hey , sarge . 
 albert pabek is here for the kid . '' 
 the sergeant looked up , turned his head , and eyed albert . 
 `` can you step over here , mr. pabek ? '' 
 albert walked over and remained standing by the sergeant at his desk . 
 the nameplate on the desk read , `` sergeant bratcher '' . 
 there was a chair , but albert did not sit down . 
 `` sit down , mr. pabek . 
 it will only take a moment of your time . 
 please . '' 
 albert sat down . 
 `` i 'm only here to pick up james . 
 the other cop told me . 
 my gun stays in the evidence locker . '' 
 bratcher said , `` by shooting that thug last night , mr. edwards may have saved his own life . 
 however , mr. edwards , being a local , knows that this is not the end of the trouble . 
 you may not know how deep the shit is around the kid 's waist . '' 
 albert said nothing . 
 continuing , bratcher said , `` the man that died was a thug . 
 unfortunately , for james , he was a thug that works for karl remons . 
 do you know who that is ? '' 
 albert smiled , `` i 've talked to him a couple of times . 
 he was shaking me down . 
 said i was a stranger and did n't belong here . '' 
 now the sergeant smiled . 
 `` typical reaction from him . 
 i 'm surprised you met him personally , though . 
 how did that come about ? '' 
 albert was no longer in the sharing mood . 
 the sergeant was on a fishing expedition . 
 albert intended to send him home with an empty stringer . 
 `` just unlucky , i guess . 
 can i have james , now ? 
 i have a busy day . '' 
 the sergeant frowned and shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` sure , mr. edwards is free to go . '' 
 he waved to one of the other officers . 
 the officer opened a small door ; james was sitting on the floor behind it . 
 james lifted his head . 
 his gloomy eyes brightened instantly . 
 `` captain ! 
 you came to rescue me ? '' 
 he jumped up and sprinted across the room . 
 grabbing albert 's right hand , he shook it wildly . 
 `` gee , thanks , captain ! 
 can we get out of here ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 james opened the door , somehow saluting at the same time . 
 `` after you , captain ! '' 
 chapter 28 plant 37 was in a firestorm . 
 daylight had arrived a few hours earlier . 
 along with it , the world auto emergency response team had arrived . 
 the full destruction of the mechanical room was becoming evident . 
 it looked as if a bomb had exploded . 
 the equipment was scattered all around where the building once stood . 
 it was late morning in michigan . 
 mike had spent the night at plant 37 and was still commanding the recovery effort . 
 he had spent the past hour briefing phillip zanyer , the plant manager . 
 bill shefford was participating in the briefing via telephone . 
 phillip zanyer joined remons global in 2005 , after being hired as the new plant manager for plant 37 . 
 the old plant manager had retired unexpectedly , packed up , and moved to the caribbean . 
 no one knew what became of him . 
 as the new plant manager , zanyer was expected to , within twelve months of hire , double the net operating profit at plant 37 . 
 he was a tough and ruthless manager , and accomplished the profitability two months earlier than required . 
 everyone in plant 37 , especially mike , despised phillip zanyer . 
 the two men were meeting in zanyer 's office . 
 there was no electricity . 
 only the morning sun lighted the room , glowing through the tinted office windows . 
 bell 's mobile phone was on the desk and set to speakerphone . 
 bill shefford had joined the meeting from his california office . 
 shefford said , `` so , is there anything else we need to discuss , before joining the meeting with world auto ? '' 
 zanyer replied , `` no . 
 we will disconnect with you and move to the conference room . 
 i 'll make sure you are patched in from there . '' 
 bill replied , `` give me five minutes . 
 i need a bathroom break and some fresh coffee . '' 
 mike 's phone flashed call ended . 
 his boss no longer eavesdropping , zanyer had some harsher words for bell . 
 he sat there , staring at him intensely . 
 finally , he spoke . 
 `` why the fuck did you let this happen ? 
 you have ruined me ! '' 
 `` sir , the boilers exploded . 
 there 's nothing we could have done differently . 
 it just happened . '' 
 zanyer continued , `` i should have fired you years ago . 
 you are such a fucking idiot , as well as the other old people in this place . 
 just so you clearly understand - i 'm pinning this one directly on your fucking heart ! 
 understand ? 
 you are a dead man . 
 i will bury you and walk away smelling like a hero . '' 
 mike looked at him dispassionately , a whipped man in a big corporation , now considering how his golden years may be financially ruined . 
 `` sir . 
 right now , we need to fix this situation . 
 i guess you can bury me later , after i clean up the mess . '' 
 `` fine , bell . 
 what do you need ? '' 
 `` you know how this will be going down . 
 the world auto team is in charge . 
 they have it in the contract . 
 we , including you , are just their minions . '' 
 zanyer sighed and looked out of the window . 
 `` let 's head over to the conference room . 
 i expect you to do all of the apologizing . 
 you are under the bus , even with world auto . 
 i will be the white knight . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' mike frowned at zanyer . 
 they left zanyer 's office and headed across the hall to the executive conference room . 
 the doors to the room were closed . 
 seated in the corner of the lobby , jonna serlins and ed tanzar were quietly discussing possible ways to repair the defective inventory . 
 out of their earshot , zanyer glared at bell , saying , `` do n't fuck up anymore , asshole . 
 else , i will bury you , in every sense of the word . 
 are we crystal clear ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' he responded , without lifting his head . 
 `` let 's see if ed or jonna have any new ideas . '' 
 mike walked across the lobby and zanyer followed . 
 zanyer did n't like ed tanzar . 
 he believed tanzar was more useless than bell . 
 and jonna serlins ? 
 she was no one to phillip zanyer ; she was just another blue-collar worker . 
 ed said , `` do n't bother asking . 
 there 's no magic solution available to fix this problem . '' 
 ed tanzar 's career at plant 37 began forty-one years earlier . 
 he was hired as a production worker . 
 from production , he had moved to the quality department , in the role of qc inspector . 
 after four decades , he had slowly progressed to his current job -- leading the quality function at plant 37 . 
 his title was , quality director . 
 ed added , `` jonna can explain it better than me . 
 mike , we both know she is smarter than us . 
 jonna , please explain to mr. zanyer . '' 
 ed and mike laughed . 
 it was true ; she was the most knowledgeable about the destroyer part . 
 however , that 's not why they were laughing . 
 the comment was really a dig on phillip zanyer . 
 he hated -- absolutely despised -- talking with the `` commoners '' , as he called them . 
 jonna said , `` mr. zanyer , the af die section , it is located on the upper quadrant bolster -- '' zanyer interrupted , `` oh , shut up . 
 i do n't want to hear all that technical nonsense . 
 can we fix the problem ? '' 
 jonna curtly replied , `` no . '' 
 `` then , go work on a solution , '' zanyer said . 
 `` i do n't need you or tanzar in this meeting . 
 you have nothing to offer . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' ed responded . 
 to jonna , ed said , `` let 's have some coffee first , then we can go inspect some more of the inventory . '' 
 ed and jonna left the lobby . 
 zanyer glared at bell , saying , `` remember -- fuck up and i will kill you . '' 
 then , he opened the executive conference doors and the real shit storm began . 
 the executive conference room in plant 37 was enormous . 
 it comfortably seated twenty-four people around one giant round table . 
 every seat had a perfect view of every other seat , allowing for free-flowing ideas , threats , stares , intimidations , and any other emotion evocable by the participants . 
 today , eighteen seats were occupied - all by world auto employees . 
 `` morning , gentlemen , '' zanyer started the dialog , as he walked in the room . 
 one of the world auto people , the highest-ranking member , obviously , was standing and pointing an accusing finger . 
 he said , `` zanyer , what the hell is going on ? '' 
 `` sit down , please , '' zanyer replied . 
 `` let 's all have a calm and rational conversation . 
 bill shefford will join our discussion , via telephone . 
 he is presently in california . '' 
 while zanyer was talking , mike had pressed the redial button for bill shefford . 
 shefford answered and mike whispered , `` just a moment , the meeting is starting . '' 
 he pressed the speakerphone button and placed his phone in the center of the conference room table . 
 zanyer looked at bell . 
 mike nodded , confirming bill was on the line . 
 `` mr. shefford , '' zanyer said , `` we have joined the world auto management team in the executive conference room . '' 
 bill said , `` good morning . 
 this is bill shefford speaking . 
 i am responsible for remons global manufacturing facilities worldwide . 
 i appreciate your joining us this morning . 
 i can assure you we are working aggressively to resolve this unexpected issue . '' 
 he paused , waiting for zanyer to speak . 
 zanyer said nothing . 
 bill continued , `` mr. zanyer , please begin the meeting . '' 
 zanyer looked around the room , and then said , `` this is mike bell . 
 he is the production manager responsible for this mess . 
 he will explain it in detail . 
 bell ? '' 
 zanyer sat down in his chair , leaving mike as the only person standing in the room . 
 with that introduction , mike sat down and began to describe the previous night 's events . 
 chapter 29 bill shefford was sitting in his office , looking out the panoramic windows . 
 in the distance , he could see employees tightening the tarps pulled over the massive hole in the building . 
 his speakerphone was still active . 
 he was listening to the yelling of world auto , across the country , in the executive conference room of plant 37 . 
 `` bill ! '' 
 one of the world auto team members yelled through the speakerphone , as if he were sitting two feet away from bill 's seat . 
 `` i asked , ` what are you doing about this mess ? '' ' 
 bill spoke softly , `` mike has explained this already . 
 our engineers are searching the world for units to replace the ones we lost in the explosion . 
 our best estimates , as mike explained to you , are operations restarting in ten to fourteen days . '' 
 the voice yelled louder , `` that 's not good enough . 
 the destroyer can not be out of production for two weeks . 
 it will cost us hundreds of millions , maybe even billions . 
 you know that ! '' 
 `` i know , gentlemen , '' bill was trying to get someone else talking . 
 ideally , it would be zanyer , but bill had already accepted that was an unlikely possibility . 
 zanyer had sat quietly most of the meeting . 
 mike took the opportunity to speak . 
 `` gentlemen , mr. zanyer , mr. shefford , and i , we need to consult with our people . 
 can we reconvene at 2:00 pm today for a status report ? '' 
 the world auto team agreed . 
 the meeting concluded . 
 the world auto employees left the room and headed for lunch . 
 mike and zanyer stayed behind . 
 bill shefford was still on the phone . 
 zanyer spoke first . 
 `` bill , i assure you , mike bell is finished . 
 i have already fired him . 
 he can not leave until everything is fixed , though . '' 
 bill replied , `` fine . 
 that 's for us to talk about later . 
 we need mike right now . 
 do n't shove him out the door too fast . '' 
 speaking directly to mike , bill said , `` this is one big screw up , and it has the potential to kill remons global . 
 i expect 100 % of your time , day and night , until it is fixed . 
 you and zanyer can settle up on this termination issue after that . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 mike responded , `` yes , sir . 
 i understand . '' 
 zanyer was sitting in his chair , smiling at mike . 
 he raised his right hand and curled all of the fingers , except one . 
 he waved his middle finger , mouthing silently so bill would n't hear , `` fuck you , bell . '' 
 mike ignored him , got up , and left the conference room . 
 he was on his own to fix this mess . 
 zanyer was n't going to be of any help . 
 bill clicked off the speakerphone , ending his connection with the executive conference room of plant 37 . 
 he called sam to check on his own plant 's status . 
 sam answered on the fourth ring . 
 `` hey , bill . 
 it 's a beautiful saturday morning . 
 my guess is i 'll be on a surfboard by late afternoon . 
 you should get the fishing pole out and relax for a couple of hours . '' 
 bill smiled , `` you are the eternal optimist . '' 
 sam interrupted , `` nope . 
 i 'm serious . 
 we got a lucky break . 
 work center 73 is down , sure . 
 but , all of the fixtures and other unique parts are fine . 
 the engineers are moving everything to work center 49 . 
 we will be back in production within the next two hours . '' 
 bill was surprised . 
 `` you 're joking , right ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm very serious . 
 the maintenance crew will have work center 73 running in a few days . 
 however , we are fine long term with running on work center 49 as an alternate . 
 get some sleep and relax . 
 plant 1 is under control . '' 
 then he added , with a hint of sarcasm , `` i may live the remons global dream after all . '' 
 bill pressed the end call button on his mobile . 
 now all he needed was divine intervention for plant 37 and a quick resolution for the labor unrest in plant 114 . 
 then , it could be just another day . 
 he tried again reaching remons mobile phone . 
 the call went directly to voicemail . 
 chapter 30 it was 8:00 am , on the day after the first day of summer . 
 after leaving the police station , albert and james walked to dad 's coffee & more . 
 they were seated alongside the pier , finishing their first cup of coffee . 
 james had been quiet since walking out of jail . 
 albert had allowed the silence , his own mind busy thinking about the next sequence of events . 
 he was rolling ideas around in his head and focusing on timeline restoration . 
 veronica walked up , carrying a bunn coffee flask and an additional mug . 
 she slumped into an empty seat . 
 the bubbly personality was missing . 
 she was tired , at least for the moment . 
 `` morning rush is over , finally , '' she said , tired but smiling . 
 she looked at james . 
 `` what happened last night ? '' 
 james shook his head . 
 `` it was just awful . '' 
 he seemed prepared to milk the situation , in search of her affections . 
 `` it was just awful . '' 
 he said again . 
 `` i was almost asleep , and there was a knock on the door . 
 it happens sometimes , so i just ignored it . '' 
 as he talked , the fictional story seemed to take on its own life . 
 `` anyway , the guy , he kept knocking . 
 i got scared , you know ? '' 
 he was now searching for sympathy in veronica 's eyes . 
 `` so , i remembered about the captain 's gun . '' 
 he looked at albert , questioningly . 
 albert said , `` no worries . 
 she knows you were storing it away for me . 
 keep going . '' 
 `` yeah , so anyway , i pulled the gun out , just in case . 
 who knows what a crazy person will do in the middle of the night ? 
 no one could blame me . 
 right ? 
 so , i yell at the guy that the store is closed . 
 all of the sudden , he opens the door . 
 like , he picked the lock , or had a key , or something like that . '' 
 james continued , `` so , i 'm standing there . 
 this guy says he is going to kill me and steal all my money . 
 man ! 
 now , i 'm really freaking out . 
 i do n't want to die , and all . 
 he can have the money , but die ? 
 no way , dude ! 
 i was n't lettin ' that happen . '' 
 `` so , i lift up the gun and point it at him and tell him to go away . 
 but he just laughs at me and says that i 'm going to die . 
 so , i 'm scared . 
 and , i have a gun . 
 and , i 'm afraid he has a gun , too , you know what i mean ? 
 he 's inside the store . 
 so i shoot him and he flies out through the door and out on the dock . '' 
 veronica was mesmerized by the story . 
 `` what happened then ? '' 
 james could see it in her eyes . 
 he was beginning to believe it was a lucky day , after all . 
 `` so anyway , veronica , i 'm standing there . 
 i was right in what i did . 
 but , i was still really scared and shaking . 
 now , there was this dead dude lying outside my store . 
 i was frozen there in my steps . 
 i do n't know how long . 
 could have been ten minutes . 
 who knows ? 
 i do n't . '' 
 veronica was leaning over , patting james on the back , and smiling at him sympathetically . 
 `` james , you were so brave to have done that . 
 i do n't think i could have been so brave . '' 
 james was smiling at her , `` yeah , it was nothing . 
 just looking out for myself and other little people . 
 like you and me . '' 
 he reached over and touched her knee . 
 she did n't move his hand . 
 he thought , `` finally , she likes me ! '' 
 albert pulled james out of his attempt at a love connection . 
 `` james , who was trying to break into the store ? '' 
 `` i had never seen him before , captain . 
 maybe some traveling thug , out breaking into places and then moving on . 
 do n't know , really . '' 
 albert let it go . 
 it had to be one of remons ' goons . 
 if it was , james probably knew him . 
 but , he would let james have his fantasy version of the events . 
 probably , no one would ever know what had really happened that night . 
 besides , it did n't matter much . 
 if it were one of the remons ' goons , he would have certainly killed james . 
 james was just protecting himself . 
 albert looked at veronica . 
 she had a phone against her ear and was not smiling . 
 she said , `` liz , please call me back . 
 i 'm worried about you . '' 
 veronica pressed the end call button and laid the phone on the table . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 james put his hand back on her knee . 
 veronica gently lifted james ' hand away . 
 the fascinating story had lost its charm . 
 `` elizabeth is n't answering her phone . 
 she 's still out on the owner , i 'm sure . 
 every other time , though , her phone would work . 
 and , she should have called or texted by now . '' 
 she looked at albert and leaned over near him . 
 in the process , she turned clearly away from james . 
 she said , `` albert , do you think anything is wrong ? 
 i 'm really worried . '' 
 albert spoke assuredly , `` you said she was tough and could handle any situation . 
 i 'm sure she is fine . '' 
 james was ignoring the conversation , staring broodingly into the distance . 
 james liked veronica , but she did n't reciprocate the affection . 
 the three of them sat quietly for a few minutes , only focused on drinking coffee . 
 albert broke the silence , `` where did elizabeth say they were going last night ? '' 
 veronica shook her head and shrugged her shoulders . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she usually does n't know where they are going . 
 she overnights on the owner once or twice a month . 
 says remons is like an infant ; he ca n't do anything for himself . 
 there 's a bazillion servants on there with him . 
 sometimes , though , he 's having a bad day and demands liz to travel . '' 
 she continued , saying , `` i heard the news about the oakland explosion . 
 he probably thinks some country is personally waging war against remons global . 
 he likely made her go , thinking he was rescuing her from the apocalypse . 
 he 's crazy that way . 
 that 's what liz says , anyway . '' 
 albert asked , `` where have they went in the past ? '' 
 `` she says they do n't go anywhere . 
 they just head out away from land , usually for about a day . 
 she says it 's like a miniature vacation on a cruise ship . 
 she just lies around on the deck most of the time ; drink in one hand and her phone in the other . 
 remons does n't bother her too much . 
 she says he is usually in one of the rooms below decks , drinking it up and laughing with his staff . '' 
 james was still looking away , but had been listening . 
 `` i think that guy , remons , is an asshole . 
 i wish he had been in front of the gun last night . '' 
 albert smiled at james . 
 the kid had a good understanding of how life should work , but rarely ever does . 
 james said , `` i have to go to work . 
 the gas dock is n't open , and i 'm in trouble . 
 just like always . '' 
 he left the table and headed toward the gas dock . 
 this time , he had not saluted albert . 
 albert guessed james was too heartbroken . 
 veronica said , `` thanks for getting james out of jail . 
 he has good intentions . '' 
 she smiled at albert , saying , `` i walked by the dock where teleport is slipped this morning . 
 she 's a magnificent looking vessel . 
 maybe sometime i can stop by and get a closer look ? '' 
 albert was n't interested in any distractions . 
 `` right now , i have to take care of a few things . 
 and , you have a coffee shop to run . 
 maybe sometime before i leave . '' 
 he pointed at the two customers staring quietly at veronica . 
 she sprung out of the seat and headed for the counter . 
 albert placed a twenty under a cup and headed back to dock 14 on his new waverunner . 
 chapter 31 the owner was drifting somewhere in the pacific ocean . 
 there was pandemonium all around . 
 the chaos began the moment remons woke for the day . 
 he had jumped out of the bed , dressed , and yelled at elizabeth to get up . 
 then he had stormed up the private staircase and out on the upper deck . 
 on deck , remons had looked around in every direction . 
 water everywhere . 
 then , he went ballistic , screaming and walking fore and aft along the upper deck . 
 then , he ran to the bridge and yelled at caltoan . 
 then , down all of the corridors , banging on cabin doors , and yelling , `` get on the upper deck ! '' 
 now , every person aboard the owner was present on the upper deck . 
 they were lined up in rows . 
 it looked like a muster drill aboard a cruise ship , just before drinks were poured and the ship sailed for a tropical paradise . 
 however , this was no muster drill , and it definitely was not a pleasure cruise . 
 remons had been yelling and screaming for over fifteen minutes . 
 `` ... and i mean it ! 
 no more excuses ! '' 
 he continued , `` caltoan ! 
 where the hell are we at now ? 
 why have n't we radioed any other ship for help ? '' 
 `` mr. remons , sir . 
 my staff has estimated our position . 
 we are roughly due west of santa barbara , about one hundred miles from shore . '' 
 `` one hundred miles out in the pacific ? 
 that 's what you are telling me ? 
 are we just drifting ourselves over to hawaii for a vacation ? '' 
 remons changed to a new victim of his rampage . 
 `` you ! '' 
 he was pointing at max . 
 `` helicopter pilot ! '' 
 elizabeth leaned toward him . 
 `` sir , his name is max . '' 
 `` i do n't give a shit what his name is ! '' 
 he looked at max . 
 `` is the helicopter working yet ? '' 
 max said quietly , `` no , sir . 
 the systems are erratic . 
 we would crash almost immediately , were i to attempt to fly her off the deck of the ship . '' 
 remons was about to release a tirade on one of the guards , but max kept talking . 
 `` sir , we have another problem with the helicopter . 
 were i able to resolve the mechanical and electrical concerns , we still would be unable to fly off the ship safely . '' 
 remons turned back to max . 
 `` and why the hell not ? '' 
 max replied , `` there 's not enough fuel to make it to the mainland . '' 
 remons grabbed max by the neck , intent on choking the life out of him . 
 `` sir , '' he gasped . 
 `` please let me explain . '' 
 remons looked around at the horrified faces . 
 he released the death grip on max . 
 max slumped a little , gasping for air . 
 finally , he said , `` the problems last night , at plant 1 ... the tanks were full . 
 before i picked you up at the ballpark . '' 
 he was struggling to regain his breath , and his composure . 
 he kept going , `` we used up too much fuel on the plant 1 issue . 
 when we landed on the owner , she set sail immediately . '' 
 remons stared at max . 
 `` how much fuel do we have ? '' 
 max responded , `` enough for seventy to ninety miles , safely . 
 anything beyond that , we risk falling out of the sky and into the pacific . '' 
 remons had bullied max enough , at least for now . 
 `` just get the helicopter fixed . 
 i 'll worry about the fuel . '' 
 now turning to the head chef , remons bellowed , `` where is my breakfast ? '' 
 the chef said , in a meek voice , `` sir , there is no electricity in the galley . 
 we ca n't cook . 
 sir . 
 all we have is cold food ... '' remons stepped toward the chef , menacingly looking down at the short man . 
 quietly , he said , `` i do not eat cold food . 
 how many years have you cooked for me ? '' 
 the chef was trembling . 
 `` for four years , sir . '' 
 `` that means you are stupid . 
 i do n't want stupid people cooking food i eat . '' 
 remons grabbed the chef around the throat , lifting him in the air . 
 he walked to the railing along the upper deck , still holding the chef by the throat . 
 using his other hand , remons lifted the chef by his belt and balanced him on the railing . 
 he turned around , looking at everyone on the deck . 
 `` be grateful this was n't you . '' 
 then he pushed the chef overboard , not even bothering to watch the man fall . 
 the chef fell against the side of the ship and into the cold , pacific waters , more than one hundred miles from shore . 
 remons reached for one of the life rings , throwing it overboard toward the chef , as he was drifting away from the ship . 
 remons stood waving at him . 
 `` bon voyage ! 
 safe travels ! '' 
 the remaining staff stood in silence , all stunned by remons ' action . 
 remons looked across the group , slowly panning his view from left to right . 
 `` i expect solutions to this situation . 
 and i expect them now ! '' 
 pointing to one of the other cooks , remons said , `` you are cooking . 
 get me a hot breakfast immediately . 
 otherwise , jump in the pacific with your friend . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 yes , sir ! '' 
 the new shaking chef said . 
 remons looked at elizabeth . 
 `` all this activity has worked up my appetite , '' he wrapped his arm around her waist . 
 `` besides , we need something to do before breakfast . '' 
 elizabeth was queasy . 
 this was not the first murder she had witnessed , and she knew it likely was n't the last . 
 in eight years , she had seen more than a dozen deaths at remons ' hands . 
 she quickly forced her brain to stop the flow of vomit . 
 she had to be strong . 
 she had to push down her disgust for remons ' brutal treatment and properly assume her role as his part time bed companion . 
 elizabeth knew her life depended on happily playing along . 
 she stood up on her toes , saying something quietly in remons ' ear . 
 remons smiled , saying , `` really ? 
 i should do that ? '' 
 she descended the private staircase in front of him . 
 remons dropped his robe on the upper deck , still in full view of the staff , and walked naked down the staircase . 
 chapter 32 michigan 's overnight temperatures had been warm , only dropping into the mid sixties . 
 now , temperatures were already pushing into the eighties . 
 it was to be a hot saturday . 
 inside plant 37 , it was even hotter ; a higher temperature caused by no electricity , and , therefore , no air conditioning . 
 tempers were flaring in plant 37 's executive conference room . 
 the world auto army had finished lunch and returned to the executive conference room , now dubbed world auto war room . 
 it was their office now . 
 temporary paper signs were taped to the wall on either side of the doors to the room , saying , `` world auto property . 
 do not enter without escort . '' 
 mike and zanyer had been summoned to the world auto war room . 
 they approached the closed doors and mike knocked gently . 
 `` come in , '' yelled someone from the other side of the door . 
 they opened the doors and walked into the conference room . 
 they did n't recognize the room . 
 there were several members of the world auto team scribbling hastily on the large sheets of paper , which were plastered around the room . 
 a man was typing on the computer . 
 it was connected to an overhead projector . 
 he was updating the `` crisis work map '' while others watched the progress and commented on changes to the plan . 
 a man walked over and introduced himself . 
 he said , `` my name is doug malete . 
 i am the assigned lead for this project . '' 
 zanyer stepped toward malete , forcing mike to take a step back and sideways , in order to avoid penetrating each other 's personal space . 
 `` good afternoon , mr. malete . 
 i am phillip zanyer . 
 i am the plant manager of remons global , plant 37 . '' 
 he reached his hand out to shake malete 's . 
 malete did not offer his hand for the handshake . 
 the power game had started . 
 `` phillip , let me correct your statement . 
 you were the plant manager . '' 
 he placed heavy emphasis on the word - were . 
 then , continuing , `` i am now in charge of plant 37 . 
 you work for me . '' 
 phillip zanyer had an ego . 
 a very , very large ego . 
 `` malete ! 
 i am the plant manager . 
 this is my plant . 
 i am allowing you the use of my executive conference room . 
 understand ? '' 
 doug malete had turned away from zanyer in the middle of his posturing speech . 
 a yet to be introduced world auto team member handed malete a manila folder . 
 it appeared to hold less than ten pages of paper . 
 quietly , but very firmly , malete said , `` zanyer , this is my plant now . 
 i suggest you read the language in our contract . '' 
 with that comment , he held the folder out for zanyer to take , dropping it on the floor before phillip zanyer could securely grasp it . 
 zanyer reacted like a small child . 
 he squatted to the floor and gathered the folder and its contents . 
 then , he stood up and looked sternly at malete , but said nothing . 
 zanyer was already a beaten man . 
 malete smiled slightly at zanyer . 
 `` i 'm glad we have that point cleared up . 
 let me introduce you to your team members . '' 
 malete turned around . 
 `` listen up , everyone . 
 i want to explain to phillip what 's happening now . '' 
 bell and zanyer stood there , stunned by the turn of events . 
 malete introduced each of the world auto team , along with a brief description of each person 's function at plant 37 . 
 world auto had dropped a full cross-functional management team into what once was remons global plant 37 . 
 it was impressive , even to zanyer and bell . 
 with the introductions finished , malete told zanyer and bell to leave the room . 
 they were dismissed like college interns on their first day of work . 
 standing outside the world auto war room , zanyer appeared ready to vomit . 
 `` what the hell , mike ? 
 what are we ... what are you going to do about this ? '' 
 mike looked at him silently for a moment , almost feeling sorry for his boss , normally the tyrant . 
 `` beats me . 
 it would take a miracle , now , to get them out of here . 
 unless a fully intact mechanical room magically falls from the sky , my guess is we are screwed . '' 
 zanyer looked at him , defeated . 
 `` your guys have to find a solution . 
 fast . '' 
 `` you are n't listening . 
 we are finished . 
 i 'm going to my office . 
 i need to update my resume and call some business acquaintances . 
 i ca n't be out of work , at least not for too long . 
 no time to waste . '' 
 continuing , he said , `` phillip , i suggest you do the same thing . '' 
 zanyer 's back stiffened . 
 `` bell ! 
 shut up with your quitter attitude . 
 i 'm going to lunch . 
 leave me alone . '' 
 he walked away and headed outside through the main lobby doors . 
 mike pulled out his mobile phone and punched the speed dial button for bill shefford . 
 bill answered , `` hi , mike . 
 any positive news ? '' 
 `` sorry . 
 world auto has set up camp in the executive conference room . 
 they have officially given us notice of the operations takeover . 
 we are no longer in charge , physically or legally . '' 
 bill was sitting in his office , staring across the room at the board . 
 plant 1 was now yellow . 
 plant 114 was solid red . 
 of course , plant 37 was solid red . 
 its message now reading , `` world auto controlled . '' 
 he said , `` any ideas ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 i told zanyer to update his resume , and that i was doing the same . 
 what else can we do ? '' 
 silence on bill 's end , mike kept talking . 
 `` any word from remons ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he must be having phone troubles . 
 they are out on the owner . 
 satellite must be down . 
 i 'm sure remons is pissed about that . 
 plant 37 's takeover will send him into space . '' 
 bill needed to get off the phone . 
 `` i 've got ta go . 
 keep me posted . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 i 'll call you if something changes . '' 
 bill swiveled his chair and looked out one of the large windows . 
 he picked up his mobile phone and tried remons mobile . 
 voicemail , again . 
 chapter 33 it was 9:49 am , on the day after the first day of summer . 
 albert was in the aft section of teleport , verifying his supplies in the small garage . 
 he had designed the area efficiently . 
 it was crowded when the dingy , or tender , was inside . 
 the small boat was eleven feet in length . 
 it was a hybrid boat , featuring solid flooring with inflatable side decks . 
 in the industry , it was referred to as a rigid inflatable boat , or rib , for short . 
 it was hot . 
 the ventilation fans were moving some fresh air through the confined space . 
 but , it was n't sufficient to cool the small garage . 
 the wall mounted thermometer , attached to the starboard side , near the companionway stairs , read eighty-four degrees . 
 albert grabbed his smartphone . 
 it was lying on the stairs . 
 he set a reminder for next week . 
 it read , `` modify aft garage ventilation . 
 larger fan motors needed . '' 
 albert climbed the companionway stairs , switching off the lights in the garage along the way . 
 he stepped in the bridge area and sat down in the captain 's chair . 
 there was a bottle of water in one of the nearby cubbyholes . 
 he pulled out the bottle and drank the remaining contents . 
 it was a leftover drink from the previous morning 's arrival in san francisco . 
 it tasted stale . 
 he slid open the port side bridge door . 
 then , he slid open the starboard side bridge door . 
 a fresh breeze blew through , the smells of salty air , car exhausts , diesel fuel , and greasy food all blending together . 
 it was the smell of civilization on the waterfront . 
 albert looked up and retrieved the departure checklist , a laminated plastic card stored in a clear , plastic sleeve glued to the bridge ceiling . 
 he proceeded to work his way down the list . 
 first up was a check of the electrical systems : batteries and charging systems . 
 four separate battery circuits were aboard the ship . 
 two circuits were available for starting the twin 150 horsepower perkins turbo diesels , as well as powering the heavy-duty electric motors for sail controls . 
 these battery banks were labeled starting 1 and starting 2 . 
 each circuit consisting of two trojan transpower agm31 starting batteries wired in parallel . 
 the two remaining circuits , labeled house 1 and house 2 , powered all of the electronics , lighting , water system pumps , and bilge pumps . 
 these circuits were also redundant , only house 1 or house 2 necessary to be in operation at any single time . 
 each circuit consisted of three trojan overdrive agm31 deep cycle endurance batteries wired in parallel to increase overall capacity . 
 with six batteries in total , albert was assured of a continuous stream of uninterrupted power through teleport 's wiring systems . 
 the charging portion of the circuits included solar arrays , molded into the rooftop of the bridge . 
 a second series was molded along the aft section of the vessel , along the sloped surface of the aft garage door . 
 battery refueling could also be accomplished through other means , including alternators on each of the perkins diesels , through shore power umbilical cables , and a small generator mounted in the engine room . 
 he switched the starting circuit to starting 1 and the main power circuit to house 1 . 
 on the portside 19 '' monitor , albert pressed a couple of option buttons , and the electrical systems check screen displayed . 
 the 19 '' monitor verified all systems were green . 
 albert started the port engine , and followed with the starboard engine . 
 the perkins brothers roared to life , standing like a pair of stallions awaiting the corral gate to open . 
 he scanned the power system monitors , clicking through different screens on the lower right side display monitor . 
 there were three fuel tanks within teleport 's hull . 
 two tanks were located just forward of the engines . 
 these tanks each held four hundred gallons of diesel fuel . 
 the third tank was further aft of the engines . 
 it held forty gallons of gasoline for the dinghy . 
 diesel tank 1 was showing 195 gallons . 
 diesel tank 2 indicated 225 gallons . 
 lastly , albert checked the onboard water supply and sewage management systems . 
 there were three fresh water tanks , distributed for balance around teleport . 
 the three tanks held a total of 500 gallons of fresh water . 
 today , there was 340 gallons of freshwater available . 
 the large tank , under the salon and galley sole , showed 85 % full . 
 the next tank , in the forepeak area , indicated 45 % full . 
 the starboard offset tank was at 95 % full . 
 albert checked the water system pressure readouts on the display . 
 all systems were green . 
 he checked the sewage management system . 
 the waste tanks , two of them for redundancy , also known as black water storage , were both empty . 
 albert had processed the waste , macerated it , and discharged it legally while offshore early the previous morning . 
 the vacuum pressure system on the head was showing green . 
 he was ready to shove off . 
 albert stepped out of the bridge and onto the starboard deck . 
 he walked up to the bow , lifted the docking line off its cleat , and tossed it on the dock . 
 he heard a commotion across the marina . 
 looking up , albert saw james running toward him . 
 james was scared . 
 a few hundred feet behind him , two of remons ' goons were chasing after him . 
 `` damn it , james , '' albert said aloud , but no one was around to hear him , except teleport . 
 james was screaming , `` captain ! 
 help ! 
 they are going to kill me ! '' 
 albert had to adjust the plan . 
 again ! 
 he ran to the aft section of teleport and grabbed the remaining dock line . 
 `` hurry up , james ! 
 get on here . 
 now ! '' 
 james kept running . 
 the goons were gaining on him . 
 when he reached teleport , albert tossed the dock line and grasped james ' left arm as he was climbing aboard . 
 `` get below , now ! '' 
 he yelled at james and shoved him through the starboard bridge door . 
 albert mentally patted himself on the back for dock 14 selection on the previous day . 
 teleport was tied to the end of the pier . 
 her nose was pointed at the breakwater . 
 they had a straight shot at the marina exit . 
 albert followed behind him , closing the door . 
 he reached over and closed the port side door , too . 
 he pushed both the throttles forward , raising the engine rpms to 2,000 . 
 teleport shot off like a small sports car , belying its outward appearance as a sailing vessel . 
 the goons were left standing empty handed on dock 14 - james unavailable to satisfy their need for beating up someone . 
 albert looked back . 
 the two goons were tenacious . 
 they were climbing onto the waverunner -- his waverunner . 
 he noticed the smoke as one of them started the engine . 
 the watercraft was moving fast toward teleport . 
 james climbed the forward companionway stairs . 
 `` did we lose them ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 but in a few minutes . '' 
 james looked back at the goons . 
 the waverunner was closing in on them . 
 `` captain ? 
 ca n't you go any faster ? 
 they will catch us ! '' 
 albert was smiling . 
 it was a very wide , mischievous smile . 
 `` yes . 
 we can go faster . 
 it 's not necessary . 
 they are out of gas . 
 any moment , the yamaha will slow down and stop . 
 do n't worry . '' 
 james was looking out the rear window with wide eyes . 
 `` are you sure , captain ? '' 
 albert said nothing . 
 then suddenly , james was laughing . 
 `` you 're right , captain ! 
 they 're stuck in the bay . 
 out of gas ! 
 woo-hoo ! '' 
 albert eased the throttles , slowing teleport to seven knots per hour . 
 he depressed the main-unfurl button on the console , holding the button in place , while the mainsail was drawn from its hidden position in the mast . 
 james was speechless . 
 albert then depressed the headsail-unfurl button . 
 the large 150 % genoa began rolling out , but at a much faster pace than the mainsail . 
 they had already passed the golden gate bridge and now were in the open pacific ocean . 
 albert pressed the stop engine buttons , and the perkins brothers went back to sleep . 
 the air went silent all around them . 
 he steered the ship on a southerly heading . 
 the winds were blowing on shore , toward the golden gate bridge and from the north . 
 albert eased the sails and set up for a beam to broad reach . 
 teleport was quickly at full speed , sailing at nearly ten knots per hour . 
 he turned to james , a man finally without much to say . 
 `` why were those guys chasing you ? '' 
 `` captain , i do n't really know , for sure . 
 i guess it 's ` cause of the dude i killed last night . 
 he mighta worked for remons . '' 
 albert knew it . 
 `` why did n't you tell me that this morning ? '' 
 `` gee , captain . 
 i do n't know . 
 what difference does it make ? 
 the dude is dead . 
 dead is dead . '' 
 `` you knew that remons ' guys would n't just stand by and do nothing . 
 now , i have you out here on my ship . 
 and i do n't know what to do with you . '' 
 `` i wo n't be any trouble , captain . 
 you can just dump me at your next port . 
 where are you heading now ? '' 
 `` i 'm not heading anywhere . 
 i was just headed out for an afternoon sail . 
 maybe some fishing . 
 that 's all . 
 me and teleport were , at least that was the original plan , returning to pier marina later this evening . '' 
 james slumped down and sat on the floor , saying , `` sorry to mess things up for you , captain . '' 
 `` just give me a few minutes . 
 i need to think . '' 
 albert set the autopilot on teleport . 
 now the twin rudder system was fully under the control of the onboard electronics . 
 he stepped around james and went down the forward companionway stairs . 
 in the salon , he sat down in his favorite chair . 
 a few minutes passed . 
 albert had processed all the options around in his head . 
 there was just not an easy solution . 
 more appropriately stated , there was not a solution that involved maintaining james ' innocence . 
 he decided james would become part of the bigger plan . 
 chapter 34 captain caltoan had left the bridge and was walking toward remons ' suite . 
 things were improving for him , along with the other people still aboard the owner . 
 `` mr. remons , '' he said , knocking loudly on the outer doors to remons ' suite . 
 `` what ! '' 
 remons opened the door . 
 thankfully , he was wearing a robe . 
 `` what do you want , caltoan ? '' 
 `` sir . 
 we have power . 
 we can start the engines . '' 
 remons ' mood shifted immediately . 
 `` fantastic , caltoan ! 
 i 'm glad you got this handled before needing a swim . 
 i really like having you in command of this vessel . '' 
 `` sir , i need some direction . 
 where do you want to go ? '' 
 `` first things , first . 
 get the executive staff together . 
 they must get started immediately . 
 last night 's money loss is already staggering . 
 i want them moving the funds now . '' 
 now , caltoan 's mood was the one changing . 
 `` sir , the computers , and the satellite communications ... everything is ... well , the electronics are not working . 
 we do n't know how bad the damage is . 
 the computer technician has n't figured out a fix . 
 that is , yet . 
 he will find one . '' 
 `` damn it ! 
 so , we are just out here on vacation in the pacific ? 
 we ca n't do any business ? '' 
 `` not at this time , sir . '' 
 remons glared at him , as if intimidation would magically present a solution to the problem . 
 he finally said , `` fine . 
 take the owner back to san francisco . 
 fast . 
 how far out are we ? 
 what 's our eta ? '' 
 `` the navigation electronics are still malfunctioning . 
 based on our latest manual calculations , we are about 120 miles from santa barbara and 180 miles from san francisco . '' 
 caltoan continued , `` we will be moving against the current and prevailing winds . 
 at a speed of twenty-five knots , i anticipate arrival in san francisco late this afternoon . 
 probably around 5:00 pm . '' 
 remons waved his hand dismissively at caltoan . 
 `` fine ! 
 get the owner moving . 
 i want to go home . '' 
 remons motioned for one of his attendants . 
 `` get the helicopter pilot . 
 i want to talk to him . '' 
 the attendant scurried away . 
 remons returned to his bedroom . 
 elizabeth was in the bed , but she was n't asleep . 
 `` mr. remons , was that good news ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 the ship has power . 
 we are heading back to san francisco . '' 
 remons picked up his phone . 
 the screen was still garbled . 
 it was useless . 
 he looked at elizabeth , `` i think we are done . 
 for this trip , i mean . 
 that 's not a guarantee . 
 get dressed and go to your cabin . '' 
 elizabeth climbed out of the bed and headed toward the bathroom . 
 she was planning to shower , before going to her tiny cabin . 
 the shower in the suite was huge . 
 `` elizabeth ? '' 
 remons stopped her . 
 `` use your own shower . 
 i want to be alone . '' 
 elizabeth put on her robe and walked into the living area of the suite . 
 as she opened the suite doors , max was attempting to knock . 
 he stepped forward involuntarily as the door opened , placing him into elizabeth 's personal space . 
 `` hey , max , '' elizabeth stepped back . 
 max blushed a little . 
 he straightened up and then looked at the floor . 
 elizabeth was wearing a robe , but it hung loosely on her shoulders , leaving little need for the imagination . 
 `` hi . 
 mr. remons asked to see me . 
 is he in here ? '' 
 `` yeah , sure . 
 just go in and sit in the living room . '' 
 elizabeth secured the robe to hide her body more discreetly , pushed past max , and walked down the corridor . 
 she opened her cabin door and walked inside . 
 there were no windows , and the room was pitch black . 
 she left the lights turned off and fell face first into the bed . 
 max sat down in remons ' living area and waited . 
 ten minutes passed . 
 remons finally strolled out of the bedroom . 
 fortunately , remons was in a robe and it was tied closed . 
 he did n't need the image of elizabeth 's half naked body ruined by the sight of remons ' . 
 `` is the helicopter ready to fly ? '' 
 `` mr. remons , yes , it is flyable . 
 however -- '' `` spit it out , mark . '' 
 `` sir . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` my name is max . '' 
 remons boomed , `` so what ! '' 
 `` sir , the helicopter will fly . 
 however , we lost the navigation system , as well as the electronics supporting stable flight . '' 
 remons looked at him quietly . 
 max continued , `` i will have to fly it under full manual control . 
 we will have to fly by visual navigation only . 
 it means that it will be a bumpy , rough ride . 
 we ca n't lift off until land is spotted , and we know what land we are looking at . 
 also , please remember , we only have about seventy miles of fuel . '' 
 remons picked up a glass dish and threw it violently across the living area of the suite . 
 the dish shattered in pieces against a far wall . 
 `` just be ready ! 
 when i say we are flying , then we are flying ! 
 is that clear ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` get out of my suite . 
 now ! '' 
 max stood up quickly and walked out of remons ' suite . 
 he walked down the corridor , past elizabeth 's room and to his own cabin . 
 gathering all of his belongings , max walked through the galley , picking up a couple of sandwiches , ham and cheese on rye , along with a carbonated drink . 
 he climbed the forward staircase and walked along the deck to the aft section of the ship . 
 he opened the pilot side door of the sikorsky . 
 he tossed his overnight bag across the cockpit and into the far seat ; a seat typically left unoccupied at remons global . 
 then , he climbed into his seat . 
 max ate the first sandwich immediately . 
 he looked at the second sandwich , debating whether to eat or save it for later . 
 there was no knowing how long his wait would last . 
 he decided to save the sandwich , instead opening the drink bottle and chugging half of it hastily . 
 now , he sat there . 
 he sat there waiting . 
 he sat there waiting for his master to arrive . 
 he sat there with a leash around his neck . 
 the leash was the sikorsky . 
 chapter 35 bill shefford called the oakland airport executive hangar . 
 he told the manager to get remons global air two ready for departure . 
 then he called the flight crews for air one and air two . 
 he told air two to go to the airport immediately . 
 he told air one they were on standby , awaiting a command from remons . 
 bill arrived at the oakland airport in less than fifteen minutes . 
 he walked into the hangar office . 
 air two 's flight crew was not there yet . 
 the plane , a cessna citation x , was one of two in the remons global fleet . 
 bill 's plane , or air two as it was called , had a seat configuration for working . 
 the aircraft carried seven people comfortably ; nine in a pinch . 
 remons ' plane , or air one , was configured for remons . 
 it had seating for four comfortably . 
 there was no ` in a pinch ' for air one . 
 it was mainly a plane for remons and no one else . 
 the citation x was one of the fastest corporate jets in production , flying at nearly the speed of sound , and as high as 51,000 feet . 
 the flight from oakland to michigan would take less than four hours . 
 bill squatted down in front of the small glass door refrigerator . 
 he opened the door and removed a bottle of orange juice . 
 he spotted the pastries after a quick survey of the counter . 
 he picked a cherry filled doughnut , and then wandered aimlessly around the office consuming the snacks . 
 the flight crew , two pilots and a cabin attendant , entered the hangar office . 
 the captain shook bill 's hand . 
 `` good to see you . 
 trouble in michigan , huh ? '' 
 `` hi , daryl . 
 yes , it 's a disaster . 
 where are we landing ? '' 
 `` troy executive . 
 the plane is already fueled . 
 ready to go ? '' 
 bill said , `` yes . 
 we need top speed today . 
 get us there as soon as possible . '' 
 daryl said , `` yes , sir . 
 flight plan is filed and we are ready . 
 stats right now estimate three hours and eighteen minutes transit time . '' 
 the flight crew boarded the aircraft , began working their checklists , and updated their flight plan . 
 bill stood outside the plane for a couple of minutes , letting the air conditioning retake control of the cabin 's stale air . 
 while he was waiting , he decided to call zanyer . 
 zanyer answered on the second ring . 
 `` hi , bill . 
 still nothing good to report . 
 that dumbass mike bell is accomplishing nothing . '' 
 bill 's voice leapt through the phone . 
 `` zanyer ! 
 you are the plant manager . 
 not mike . 
 what the fuck are you doing about world auto ? '' 
 phillip zanyer 's tone shifted immediately . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mr. shefford . 
 i 'll get on it , right now , sir . 
 i understand . '' 
 bill responded , `` i 'm on my way to michigan , now . 
 you are to personally pick me up at the airport . 
 alone . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 what time , sir ? '' 
 `` track the plane . 
 we are leaving oakland as i speak . 
 it should be a little more than three hours from now . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 bill shefford hung up the phone , without the pleasantries of saying goodbye . 
 zanyer had been sitting at his desk playing a computer game . 
 until bill shefford 's call , he really believed it was possible to hang the plant 37 disaster on bell . 
 now , he felt differently . 
 zanyer left his office and walked out into the semi-dark plant . 
 the roof skylights were providing the only lighting . 
 he located bell near a large stamping press . 
 it was the press . 
 until yesterday , it produced the destroyer roof panel . 
 mike was talking with four world auto team members . 
 zanyer walked up and joined the conversation . 
 zanyer said , `` bell ? 
 where are we at ? '' 
 mike , along with all four of the world auto team , turned to face zanyer . 
 mike said nothing . 
 doug malete said , `` zanyer ! 
 this is not your ball field . 
 you can stand there , listening quietly , or you can go away . '' 
 zanyer began speaking , and then quickly decided it was not a good idea . 
 mike had been interrupted . 
 he started talking again . 
 `` as i was saying - the press was custom fabricated to match the unique dimensions of the tooling necessary to produce the destroyer 's roofline . 
 the machine builder took eight months to build the press . 
 that was after it had taken six months to design it . '' 
 a member of world auto team asked , `` mike , are you saying we have to move this press , unless magically the mechanical room rebuilds itself overnight ? '' 
 mike responded , `` yes , the press and the tooling , will have to be moved to a suitable location with available utilities . 
 there in lies the problem . 
 the press was constructed inside of plant 37 . 
 it 's too big to lift and move intact . '' 
 mike pointed down through the floor grating . 
 `` look down there . 
 the foundation is twenty feet down . 
 it rises forty feet above the grating . 
 look up . 
 the building roofline had to be modified for the press . 
 it 's twenty feet taller than the conventional roof . 
 this is a monster and it must be disassembled completely , just to get it out of the building . 
 it 's really not practical . '' 
 the world auto team looked increasingly dismayed . 
 another world auto member asked , `` how long will it take ? 
 to dismantle the press and put it on a trailer ? '' 
 mike shook his head , saying , `` now , you understand . 
 at least five days . 
 that 's with around the clock crews doing it . 
 it took three weeks to assemble the press , originally . 
 that was after the roof was modified to accommodate the installation . '' 
 the four world auto team members were all looking at each other , shrugging their shoulders , and shaking their heads . 
 malete spoke for the group , verbalizing what they all now understood . 
 `` so , to be clear . 
 the destroyer is out of production for at least several weeks , unless a miracle occurs . 
 is that correct ? '' 
 mike nodded his head , `` yes , plant 37 has killed the destroyer , for now . '' 
 malete reached out and shook mike 's hand . 
 he said , `` welcome to world auto , mike . 
 your new employer . 
 remons global will be dead soon . '' 
 chapter 36 it was 11:44 am , on the day after the first day of summer . 
 the adrenaline charged atmosphere aboard teleport , as a result of the goons failed pursuit , was beginning to wane . 
 albert and james were sitting outside on the cabin top deck , above the salon and near the starboard bridge door . 
 teleport was on autopilot and sailing along quietly . 
 the weather was nice , as was most always the case along the california coast . 
 the temperatures were now in the mid seventies , and there hardly was a cloud in the sky . 
 `` captain ? 
 you are really lucky , being able to sail around on this nice ship . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i am very grateful . 
 but , i worked hard and saved my money . 
 that 's how i built teleport . '' 
 `` you 're from michigan ? '' 
 albert stared at james suspiciously , saying , `` yes , but i did n't tell you that . '' 
 james laughed a little . 
 `` awh , the cops at the station . 
 i overheard them talking about you last night . 
 while they were researching the serial number on your gun . '' 
 albert lightened up . 
 `` of course . 
 it 's lunchtime . 
 you hungry ? '' 
 james was on his feet . 
 albert guessed that his answer was `` yes . '' 
 they walked toward the aft . 
 james stepped down in the bridge , through the starboard door . 
 albert followed behind him and closed the door . 
 then , he followed james down the forward companionway stairs and walked over to the galley . 
 `` what are you hungry for ? 
 i keep a well-stocked galley . 
 well , for a ship anyway . 
 this is n't mcdonalds . '' 
 james laughed , as if albert had the wittiest humor on the planet . 
 albert could not help feeling sorry for the kid . 
 `` i 'll have what you are having , captain . '' 
 `` burgers and chips alright with you ? '' 
 `` no doubt , captain . 
 never turn down a burger . 
 that 's my motto . '' 
 `` grab a seat in the salon and relax . 
 i 'll have everything ready in twenty minutes . 
 how about a beer ? '' 
 `` awesome . '' 
 albert opened the large-for-a-sailboat refrigerator . 
 `` we have light and dark . 
 which one ? '' 
 `` light , please . '' 
 he took the beer from albert 's hand . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 james dropped on the long , built in sofa . 
 `` yeah , captain . 
 this is the life . 
 just sailing around , eating , drinking and all . '' 
 albert was n't fully attentive to james ' comments . 
 he had heated the pan and was placing four small frozen burger patties in it . 
 they smoked immediately and he reached to turn on the exhaust fan . 
 his smartphone vibrated gently in his pocket . 
 albert lifted it out and read the message . 
 `` radar -- objects detected . 
 non threatening . '' 
 he put the phone back in his pocket . 
 james looked at him , puzzled . 
 `` your phone works out here , captain ? '' 
 `` no , james . 
 it was a reminder . 
 the kind telling you something , so you wo n't forget it . '' 
 `` sure , captain . '' 
 albert shut off the heat to the pan . 
 he set up two plates , with two sets of buns on each . 
 then he placed the hamburger patties on the buns . 
 finally , out came a large bag of chips . 
 then he put the other condiments from the refrigerator out on the table . 
 `` let 's eat , james . 
 we have some work to do , soon . '' 
 the duo wiped out each of their respective pairs of hamburgers . 
 the bag of chips , almost full before lunch , was emptied . 
 two beers each had been necessary to wash down the food . 
 during the meal , albert kept thinking . 
 there was just no way to avoid james learning at least some of albert 's intentions . 
 he resigned himself to the fact . 
 as they finished the meal , albert decided it was time to explain a few things to james . 
 `` listen , i need to tell you something . '' 
 `` no problem captain . '' 
 `` remons ' goons jumping me yesterday ... it really pissed me off . 
 when i went on the owner , i told remons to leave me alone . 
 he said he would . 
 but he lied . '' 
 `` what happened , captain ? '' 
 `` i was jumped again last night , following the ball game . 
 while you were walking veronica home , remons ' goons put me in a boat and took me out to the owner . '' 
 james ' eyes were like half dollar coins . 
 `` what are you talking about , captain ? 
 you were on the owner ? 
 last night ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 then remons left me drifting in the ocean on a waverunner without enough gas . 
 i 'm lucky to be here now . '' 
 `` what the hell was that about ? 
 they threw you off the ship ? 
 in the dark ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 so , anyway , i 'm guessing the owner will come back in today , and i have a few things to settle with remons . '' 
 james looked at him , shaking his head . 
 `` the owner does n't come back to the bay area for a few days , usually , you know . 
 that 's the pattern . 
 i know . 
 i watch from the gas dock . '' 
 albert deviated the conversation a little . 
 `` that 's why we are out here . 
 i 'm looking for the owner . 
 let 's clean this mess up and go up on the bridge . '' 
 after cleaning up from lunch , the pair climbed the forward companionway stairs and stepped in the sunny bridge . 
 albert opened a couple of fresh air vents . 
 the air cooled rapidly to a pleasant temperature . 
 he changed the 19 '' port side display to radar . 
 the radar dome was positioned high atop the mast on teleport . 
 this provided albert with a functional warning range of at least eleven miles . 
 depending on the size of the object , mostly its height above the waterline , the radar possibly may be able to detect objects at fifteen or even twenty miles away from teleport . 
 the radar presently showed four objects , all at varying angles and distances . 
 nothing was a threat to teleport . 
 in other words , the radar , or collision avoidance system , was not signaling any need for course or speed changes . 
 none of the four echoes were the owner . 
 albert knew so , as there was a special transmitter , or transponder , on board the owner . 
 if it were within radar range , the transponder would flag the echo a different color on teleport 's radar . 
 albert had previously learned the unique transponder identifier code . 
 the transponder manufacturer was located in michigan . 
 albert had a friend that worked there , and the friend gave him the code . 
 albert had then programmed his computer to discern the owner from other ships in the area . 
 teleport , with albert and james aboard , had been sailing a southerly heading since passing under the golden gate bridge . 
 they were eighteen miles south of the monumental bay entrance . 
 albert turned off the autopilot and rolled the wheel to starboard . 
 teleport obliged his command and began sailing an easterly heading . 
 albert then trimmed the main and genoa . 
 they were now sailing close hauled . 
 they were moving too fast . 
 albert was concerned they would be out of range too quickly and miss seeing the owner on the radar . 
 he changed the plan , making a decision to heave-to . 
 heaving-to is a relatively simple way to park a sailboat in open water . 
 albert left the port side genoa sheet tensioned . 
 then he turned the wheel further to starboard . 
 teleport 's bow passed through the eye of the wind and fell off , pointing back toward the california coastline . 
 at the same time , the mainsail boom moved from the port side to the starboard side of the ship . 
 albert rolled the wheel to port , positioning the rudders at a steep angle to the hull . 
 he engaged the wheel lock , preventing the rudders from any further movement . 
 teleport no longer appeared to be moving . 
 she now scalloped upwind slightly , attempting to follow the headsail and rudder commands . 
 once pinched too tightly into the wind , she fell off and slipped downwind . 
 the currents were moving them slowly southward . 
 teleport was pushing itself slowly north and slightly east . 
 albert 's plan was to spend the next few hours waiting . 
 they would wait for a new radar echo . 
 a radar echo that changed color . 
 waiting for the screen to flash a red icon , indicating the owner was within range . 
 albert suggested they sit outside . 
 he opened the port side bridge door and stepped up on the deck . 
 james followed . 
 they both sat on the salon cabin roof . 
 neither one talked . 
 soon , james was lying down , asleep . 
 albert knew the kid had a rough night in jail . 
 he let him sleep . 
 albert was getting sleepy , too . 
 he checked that the smartphone alarm was set correctly . 
 satisfied , he laid down on the deck in the warm california sun . 
 a few minutes of sleep would be a nice break . 
 albert woke up suddenly . 
 drool was running down his face . 
 he glanced at the time on his phone . 
 almost ninety minutes had passed . 
 james was still asleep . 
 he sat up , shaking away the cobwebs in his head . 
 he reached over and pushed james on the shoulder . 
 `` wake up james . 
 we are getting sunburned . '' 
 james sat up . 
 `` where are we ? 
 spot the owner anywhere ? '' 
 `` no , not yet . 
 we are still playing the waiting game . 
 i 'll get out the fishing poles . 
 let 's see who gets bragging rights for catching our dinner . '' 
 `` no doubt , captain . 
 ask anyone . 
 i 'm always pulling something nice out the waters around the gas dock . 
 out here ? 
 i 'm your man . '' 
 they stood up , walked to the port side bridge door , and stepped down into the bridge . 
 albert asked james to stay there . 
 he climbed down the aft companionway stairs , switching on the lights in the small aft garage . 
 the fishing poles were clamped along the bulkhead wall separating the garage from the bridge and engine room . 
 he removed two fishing rods from the rubber fingers holding them in place . 
 nearby , there was a small rolled bag of lures and other fishing tackle . 
 he grabbed it , too . 
 then , he guided the equipment back through the companionway and onto the bridge . 
 stepping onto the bridge , albert saw james standing by the port side door . 
 he was staring directly at albert . 
 albert glanced at the starboard bridge door , the closest weapon to his own position . 
 the holster was empty . 
 james was smiling , saying nothing , and holding the ruger sr1911 in his hand . 
 chapter 37 air two touched down gently on runway 9 at the troy executive airport . 
 three hours and seven minutes had passed since their departure from oakland , california . 
 bill shefford knew zanyer was waiting . 
 he had received a text message thirty minutes earlier from him . 
 private aircraft are not bound by commercial aircraft restrictions on the use of phones and other electronic instruments . 
 bill had been texting almost continuously during the cross-country trip . 
 bill tried reaching remons . 
 his call went to voicemail , again . 
 as the plane rolled up to its parking place , the cabin attendant opened the door . 
 the stairs were folded out automatically . 
 bill stepped on solid ground , even before the plane stopped rolling . 
 he turned back to the attendant . 
 `` get everything fueled . 
 ready a flight plan back to california . 
 i am not intending to stay here too long . '' 
 bill was walking across the tarmac . 
 zanyer pushed through the terminal 's double doors . 
 he was taking long strides heading out to meet bill . 
 `` mr. shefford . 
 so good of you to come for a visit . '' 
 `` cut it out , zanyer . 
 tell me where things are at . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 they were almost in a run to zanyer 's car . 
 zanyer struggled to talk and walk . 
 he was overweight , and the fast pace was difficult . 
 `` sir ... let me explain in the car . 
 i need to sit down . '' 
 bill was smiling inside . 
 he thought to himself , `` what a pompous , out of shape ass . 
 gyms against your religion , zanyer ? '' 
 they reached zanyer 's car . 
 it was a car that matched his personality . 
 it was yellow . 
 corvette yellow , specifically . 
 it was a top of the line chevrolet corvette zr1 . 
 zanyer opened the driver 's door , lifted his right leg , placed it in the car , sat down , and wriggled the rest of his body into the seat . 
 bill was dismayed . 
 he opened his own door and went through a similar exercise to get in the cramped quarters of the sports car . 
 he looked at zanyer . 
 `` why the hell did you buy this ? 
 you really enjoy insulting all of the plant workers , do n't you ? '' 
 zanyer looked at him with a blank face . 
 `` my money . 
 my car . 
 they can fuck themselves , if they do n't like it . '' 
 `` well , the guys standing in the unemployment line with you will have the last laugh . 
 you are a pompous ass . '' 
 `` mr. shefford , sir , i ... '' `` shut up . 
 tell me what 's happening with world auto . '' 
 `` well , sir , '' said zanyer . 
 he fired up the powerful car and headed away from the airport . 
 he was driving too fast and aggressive . 
 `` the world auto guys served me a few hours ago . 
 they have legal control of plant 37 . 
 mike bell has n't found a way out of this mess yet . '' 
 `` mike bell ? 
 i told you , phillip . 
 this is your mess . 
 bell may end up on the unemployment line , but you will have already been there , ready to greet him and show him around . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 anyway , we do not have a solution . 
 neither of us does . 
 world auto does n't have one , either . 
 world auto , they 're after blood . 
 malete says that -- '' `` malete ? 
 he 's running this ? '' 
 `` yeah , you know him ? '' 
 `` yes , we are screwed . 
 they are n't stopping at plant 37 . 
 world auto will take the entire company . 
 remons global has reached its end , unless we do something quick . '' 
 `` well . 
 that 's what malete told me already . 
 i thought he was just posturing . '' 
 `` just hurry up and get me there . 
 hopefully , i can reason with malete . '' 
 a couple of minutes later , the glowing yellow corvette pulled up to plant 37 , parking in the space reserved for zanyer . 
 bill shefford and phillip zanyer climbed out of their respective seats . 
 they walked into the lobby and directly to the world auto war room . 
 bill turned to phillip , saying , `` just play along . 
 it will be a rough ride for a few minutes . 
 but it wo n't last too long and then everything will be under control . '' 
 `` sure , '' zanyer was smiling . 
 `` i know how to work the room to our advantage . 
 you can count on me . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'm glad to hear that , phillip . '' 
 with that comment , bill pushed open both doors violently . 
 he grabbed zanyer by the neck and shoved him into the heart of the lion 's den . 
 bill was yelling . 
 he said , `` i told you , zanyer . 
 i am fucking tired of your apparent inability to do anything correctly ! '' 
 `` mr. malete , '' bill said , as he stepped over zanyer , now lying on the floor . 
 `` i am so sorry that we are in this situation . 
 as soon as i learned about the severity of the problem , i immediately jumped on a plane from california . '' 
 he continued , `` i understand this problem is now more than twelve hours old . 
 zanyer failed to contact me properly when it happened . 
 this is standard protocol in our company . 
 he failed to follow instructions and will be reprimanded accordingly . '' 
 malete was smiling . 
 he was smiling like a wild animal ; if wild animals were able to smile . 
 he was like an animal that smelled blood dripping from the nose of a prey ; a prey he had been toying with all day long . 
 `` thank you , bill . 
 i appreciate you taking this situation seriously . 
 once all of the remons global assets have been transferred to world auto , i 'm sure there will be a place for you at our table . '' 
 pointing at zanyer , malete continued , `` zanyer is useless . 
 he 's been stalling and tripping us up all day long . '' 
 bill looked at zanyer sternly . 
 `` phillip , is this true ? '' 
 zanyer did n't know what to say . 
 at first , he thought this was planned posturing by bill , designed to protect bill and himself . 
 now , he really did n't know . 
 `` zanyer , '' bill said more sternly . 
 `` is this true ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 mr. shefford , sir . 
 he 's right . '' 
 bill walked over to phillip zanyer . 
 now , zanyer was sitting in one of the chairs . 
 he looked like the losing player in a wrestling competition . 
 `` zanyer , you are fired ! 
 give me your keys . '' 
 `` what ? 
 bill ? 
 you ca n't do this . 
 can you ? '' 
 `` give me your keys ! '' 
 zanyer handed bill shefford the keys to plant 37 . 
 `` go . 
 get out . 
 now . '' 
 `` really ? 
 how could i have prevented this problem ? 
 sir ? '' 
 malete motioned for two of his men to escort zanyer out of the building . 
 zanyer and the two escorts left the room . 
 `` like i said , bill , '' malete was licking his lips , as if having just finished a sixteen-ounce steak . 
 `` you have a good chance to be part of the winning team . '' 
 malete looked at the group of people in the room . 
 then , to everyone , he said , `` let 's get back to work . 
 everyone , this is bill shefford . 
 he 's currently remons ' right hand man and runs all of the operations globally . '' 
 looking at bill , he said , `` bill , please have a seat . 
 you are part of solving the problem . 
 let 's put our heads together and figure out a solution . '' 
 chapter 38 the big sur coastline scrolled along the starboard side of the owner . 
 captain caltoan looked quietly out the bridge windows , admiring the majestic beauty of the rugged coast . 
 they were soon to pass carmel and the monterrey peninsula . 
 the captain was no longer worried about the navigation system failures . 
 a blind man with a stick could almost get them home . 
 remons climbed his private staircase , stepping onto the upper deck . 
 he had seen carmel from the windows in his suite . 
 he did n't need caltoan to tell him where they were . 
 he walked briskly to the helicopter and stood by the rear cabin door . 
 he stood there a long time , for karl remons , anyway . 
 it was at least two seconds . 
 max did not get out of his seat . 
 max had not opened the door for remons . 
 remons stepped forward to the cockpit and pounded on the door . 
 `` wake up ! '' 
 max 's head was leaning forward , his chin resting on his chest . 
 startled , he snapped his head backward , slamming it into the headrest of his seat . 
 he opened the side door and jumped out of the cockpit . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mr. remons . '' 
 `` shut up . 
 open my door . '' 
 max opened remons ' door and stood attentively . 
 remons climbed in the plush cabin . 
 `` sir , if i may speak for just a moment . 
 it 's important . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i am an exceptional pilot . 
 i am a highly rated pilot for this particular sikorsky , having logged more non-incident hours than most pilots around the country . '' 
 `` mark ! 
 stop bragging . 
 i do n't care . 
 what ? 
 you want a raise ? 
 earn it . 
 fly me off the owner . '' 
 max shook his head . 
 `` sir , i would n't dare ask for a raise . 
 it 's your safety , sir . '' 
 max had his attention . 
 he continued , `` it 's not safe . 
 the avionics are not stable . 
 i recommend staying on the owner . 
 after we get back to port , i will have the sikorsky maintenance people check everything out and make the necessary repairs . '' 
 `` i want to leave , now ! '' 
 `` sir , we ... you could die if we crash . '' 
 remons now got it . 
 faced with his own potential mortality , he yielded to the suggestion from max . 
 `` fine , have it your way . 
 you are a chickenshit . '' 
 remons climbed back out of the cabin , storming across the deck toward the bow of the ship . 
 max finally relaxed . 
 he could get back to his nap , not having to worry any longer about flying remons off the owner . 
 remons walked directly to his personal sitting area near the bow . 
 he sat down and snapped his fingers at one of the attendants . 
 as the attendant approached , remons yelled , `` get caltoan up here . '' 
 the attendant scurried away . 
 remons pointed at another attendant . 
 `` you , '' his finger still pointing at him , `` get elizabeth up here . 
 in a bikini . 
 now . '' 
 the second attendant ran to the forward stairs and disappeared below decks . 
 a third attendant was now stepping closer , as his friends had left him alone with remons . 
 `` get me a bourbon , '' remons said , quietly . 
 he seemed tired from yelling at max and the two attendants , with no energy remaining to humiliate the remaining servant . 
 the third attendant walked quietly to the bar , placed a few ice cubes in a glass , and poured a generous serving of remons ' favorite bourbon , evan williams 23 . 
 twenty-three years of aging meant each bottle of the kentucky distilled drink set remons back more than three hundred dollars . 
 his bourbon habit alone was at least four thousand dollars each month . 
 caltoan approached remons at the same time as the attendant arrived with the bourbon . 
 remons took the glass and shooed away the attendant . 
 `` sit down , captain . '' 
 he did n't offer caltoan a drink . 
 the captain had to put the owner delicately in its berth . 
 remons did n't want any scratches induced by a drunken caltoan . 
 captain caltoan sat down . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 technically , he was the highest authority on the owner , while they were at sea . 
 caltoan was n't stupid , however . 
 remons was always the captain . 
 caltoan was just another attendant . 
 he was an attendant capable of safely sailing the owner . 
 nevertheless , he was an attendant , nothing more . 
 remons asked , `` how long until we reach the dock ? '' 
 `` i thought you were taking the helicopter ? '' 
 remons waved toward the helicopter and max , in a dismissive and agitated fashion . 
 `` no . 
 that chickenshit pilot says he is worried . 
 says he might crash it . 
 i 'm not getting back in that helicopter until the sikorsky people give it a clean bill of health . '' 
 `` well , sir . 
 the monterrey peninsula is almost due east . 
 we are roughly twenty miles off shore . 
 triangulating , we should be , line of sight , probably thirty miles from the golden gate bridge . 
 we should be in the dock in less than two hours . '' 
 `` good ! '' 
 remons was smiling , but not looking at caltoan . 
 elizabeth walked across the deck . 
 she was wearing a most revealing , black bikini . 
 still looking at elizabeth , remons said to caltoan , `` go away . '' 
 caltoan smiled broadly at elizabeth and left remons ' lounging area . 
 remons pointed to one of the chaise lounge chairs . 
 `` hi , elizabeth . 
 please lay down over here . '' 
 `` mr. remons , i thought you were leaving on the helicopter ? '' 
 `` no , elizabeth . 
 i began thinking about you . 
 just could n't make myself leave . 
 take that bikini off . 
 the sun is warm . 
 you can lay there naked . 
 no sense covering up your amazing beauty . '' 
 elizabeth dropped the bikini pieces and laid down on the chaise lounge . 
 chapter 39 it was 3:08 pm , on the day after the first day of summer . 
 `` captain ? '' 
 james was still holding the gun and staring at albert . 
 `` why do you have so many guns ? '' 
 albert looked sternly at him . 
 `` james , you have to stop messing with my weapons . 
 that 's what has gotten you in a mess already . 
 give me the gun . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 i was n't trying to upset you . 
 here . '' 
 james handed albert the gun . 
 albert put it back in the starboard door holster . 
 now , albert felt bad . 
 james looked as if he were pouting . 
 `` it 's not a big deal . 
 i 'm sorry to have snapped at you . 
 let 's fish . '' 
 albert slid open the starboard door and stepped up on the deck . 
 he carried the fishing gear around the enclosed bridge and to the small aft deck . 
 james followed him . 
 the aft section featured three small curved steps on either side , terminating in a narrow walkway , not more than fourteen inches wide . 
 the walkway ran parallel to the aft , connecting the small curved steps . 
 along the narrow walkway , a sitting bench with weather resistant closed cell foam padding faced aft . 
 other than standing on the bow , it was the most picturesque view available on teleport . 
 albert sat down and so did james . 
 albert handed him a fishing pole . 
 `` maybe we will get lucky . 
 i 've always wanted to hook in a tuna . '' 
 james laughed at him . 
 `` yeah , captain . 
 tuna would be a nice catch . 
 do n't get your hopes up , though . 
 probably just catch some rockfish , if anything . '' 
 albert liked james . 
 the kid was not that smart , but he was genuine . 
 he was honest . 
 james and albert tied on metallic spinner lures , cast their lines aft , and let the spinners sink . 
 after a good pause , they each began jerking the rods erratically , followed by another pause . 
 another erratic jerking motion followed . 
 then , another pause . 
 slowly they reeled the lures back to teleport , quietly anticipating a yet to happen , hopefully to be happening , lunge at the lures by an unknown underwater predator . 
 the lures lifted clear of the water . 
 no luck for either of them , at least not on the first cast . 
 albert asked , `` you want another beer ? 
 fishing makes me thirsty . '' 
 `` sure , captain ! '' 
 albert placed the butt end of his fishing rod in the rod holder . 
 he stood up , walked along the narrow path , up the short stairs and along the starboard side of the bridge enclosure . 
 he stepped down into the bridge and looked at the radar . 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 the owner , shown as a flashing red icon , had just slid into the vision of teleport 's electronic eyes . 
 albert continued to the galley . 
 down the forward companionway stairs , through the salon and to the refrigerator , he went . 
 this time , albert pulled out two dark beers . 
 he popped off the bottle caps , wedging both of the necks between his fingers on one hand . 
 back through the salon he went . 
 then , he climbed up the forward companionway stairs and stared at the radar screen . 
 now , teleport had enough data . 
 the display indicated the owner was directly southwest of teleport , 13.8 miles away . 
 she was traveling at a speed of 25 knots on a north-northeasterly heading . 
 based on teleport 's current position and drift , the owner would pass to the west ; the closest distance separating the two vessels would be approximately two miles . 
 it would occur in about thirty minutes . 
 albert had a lot to do . 
 he returned quickly to the aft seat , dropped down beside james , and handed him a beer . 
 teleport 's bow was pointing to the northeast . 
 albert had a wide-angle look at the horizon to the southwest . 
 he and james would see the owner , very soon . 
 james was busy reeling in his line . 
 no fish , again . 
 he lamented , `` captain , i do n't think we will have much luck in this spot . 
 the water is too deep . 
 we are fishing too shallow . '' 
 `` probably right , james , '' albert said , still scanning the horizon . 
 then he saw her . 
 `` it does n't matter much anyway . 
 time to stop fishing for fish . 
 our new prey just appeared . '' 
 albert pointed at the owner . 
 james looked in the direction of his finger . 
 `` damn , captain ! 
 what do you know ? 
 you were right . 
 they are going back to san francisco ? '' 
 `` yes , james . 
 lucky guess for me . 
 let 's pack up the fishing gear . '' 
 each of them reeled the lines tight , after hooking the lures through one of the eyelets on the fishing rods . 
 albert rolled up the tackle bag , grabbed both poles , and headed for the starboard bridge door . 
 james followed . 
 albert locked the fishing rods back into their respective hangers and returned the tackle bag to its home . 
 now , he climbed back up the stairs and onto the bridge . 
 james was standing there . 
 this time , he had no gun in his hand . 
 `` what now , captain ? 
 i 'm at your service ! '' 
 james saluted . 
 `` listen . 
 i 'm pissed off at remons and plan to scare him . '' 
 `` sure , '' james looked confused . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 `` i am going to do a couple of things . 
 i do n't want you involved . 
 it will just cause more trouble for you down the road . '' 
 james withered a little . 
 `` but it does not mean you ca n't enjoy the show . 
 besides , i can use your help . 
 you can read off some numbers to me . 
 things will get hectic . 
 i do n't have enough eyes to watch it all . '' 
 james perked up , smiling . 
 `` no doubt , captain . 
 i 'm here to help . '' 
 `` look at this screen , '' albert was pointing to the lower section of the 19 '' display , port side . 
 `` keep an eye on this number . 
 it 's the separation distance of teleport and the owner . '' 
 `` sure . 
 so we are 5.1 miles apart right now , correct ? '' 
 `` you got it . 
 when that number is below 3.0 miles , yell down the companionway at me . 
 clear ? '' 
 `` count on it , captain . '' 
 albert left james , climbed down the forward companionway , and walked through the salon , through the galley and to starboard side passageway leading to the front of the ship . 
 he went to the head , unlatched the hidden clasps on the shower stall , pivoted the shower , and pressed the two buttons to open the secret office area . 
 stepping in , albert turned on the light and looked at his smartphone . 
 it read `` 4.2 miles distance . '' 
 he did n't need james for the task . 
 but , giving james the job of calling off numbers kept him involved , and out of albert 's hair . 
 albert removed the ruger sr556 collapsing stock semi-automatic rifle from its ceiling attached holder . 
 he removed the ammunition clip , confirmed that thirty 5.56 nato rounds were inside , and then snapped the clip back in place . 
 he backed out of the office , gun in one hand and turned off the light with the other . 
 he placed the gun in the corner of the doorway leading out of the head . 
 then , he closed up the secret office , pivoted the shower back in its position , and locked the hidden latches . 
 looking at the smartphone , it read `` 3.4 miles distance . '' 
 albert picked up the gun , headed back along the passageway , through the galley , through the salon , up the forward companionway stairs and onto the bridge . 
 `` captain ? 
 what the hell is that for ? '' 
 james was standing there , in total surprise . 
 `` calm down , james . 
 it 's our protection . 
 remons is a bad dude , agree ? '' 
 `` yeah , sure captain . 
 but i 've already done enough killing today . '' 
 `` no worries . 
 i 'm not asking you to do anything . '' 
 james was looking at the display . 
 excitedly , he said , `` three point zero , captain . 
 target in range . '' 
 then , he saluted . 
 `` so , listen . 
 i may shoot at the owner . 
 but , it 's just to scare remons . 
 no one will get hurt . '' 
 `` your funeral , captain . 
 he will kill you . 
 i know that 's what he does . 
 everyone knows . '' 
 `` i 've heard the stories . 
 the guy is a bully . '' 
 albert sat the gun in rear port side corner of the bridge . 
 he stepped to the helm . 
 `` time for some fun , james . '' 
 albert unlocked the helm and positioned the rudders to neutral . 
 teleport began falling off the wind , her nose panning south along the coastline . 
 albert awoke the perkins brothers , the port engine started first , followed by his starboard brother . 
 engaging the throttles , he spun the helm to port and headed teleport directly into the north-northeasterly flowing wind . 
 with one hand , albert depressed and held the main-furl and headsail-furl buttons . 
 with his other hand , he pressed the headsail sheet button for the portside , allowing it to ease , and the large genoa to furl properly . 
 now fully in powerboat mode , albert pushed the throttles to 2,000 rpm . 
 teleport surged forward and was up on plane within a few seconds . 
 they were traveling at eighteen knots per hour . 
 albert turned the wheel and aimed her bow at the owner . 
 `` distance , james ? '' 
 `` wow , captain ! 
 two point four miles . '' 
 albert said , `` call it out , nonstop . 
 clear ? '' 
 `` yes , captain . 
 er , two point two miles . '' 
 `` two point zero miles . '' 
 `` one point eight miles . '' 
 `` one point five miles . '' 
 `` captain , what are you doing ? '' 
 albert said , `` keep it coming . '' 
 `` one point zero miles . '' 
 `` zero point eight miles ! '' 
 `` zero point six miles ! '' 
 `` zero point four ! '' 
 `` zero point three ! '' 
 `` captain ! '' 
 teleport was at ramming speed , headed directly for the middle of the starboard side of the owner . 
 `` james , hang on to the grab handles ! '' 
 albert turned the wheel hard to port . 
 the twin rudders dug into the pacific waters flying rapidly below teleport 's hull . 
 teleport rolled hard to the left , the inertia , and physics sending the mast on a hard downward angle as it tried to maintain the previous heading . 
 teleport heeled hard to starboard and then quickly recovered . 
 they were now heading the opposite direction as the owner ; the ships were starboard to starboard , only a hundred feet or so separating them . 
 albert pushed teleport over the owner 's aft wake . 
 she bounced violently and stabilized . 
 he sailed a wide arc behind the owner , eventually turning teleport on to the same heading as the owner . 
 both ships were barreling toward the golden gate bridge at twenty-five knots , side by side . 
 teleport 's starboard side less than one hundred feet from the owner 's port side . 
 there were almost a dozen people standing along the owner 's port side railing . 
 he quickly spotted remons - his overly sized proportions standing out like a sore thumb . 
 elizabeth was standing beside him . 
 even with all of the action happening , he noticed elizabeth was in a bikini . 
 then he looked again . 
 she was either in a bikini , or naked , or in a bikini that was so small she might as well be naked . 
 there were a few goons along the rail , weapons drawn and pointed at teleport . 
 albert reached over and closed the starboard door . 
 no sense being shot today . 
 james was clutching a handhold , eyes closed and seemingly pleading for his life to some unknown listener . 
 albert intently watched the display . 
 ahead of them was another blinking icon . 
 this one was blue . 
 scattered around the radar screen were other unimportant icons . 
 they were all black in color . 
 the owner 's heading would pass it too far left of the blue blinking icon . 
 albert turned the wheel to starboard , moving his ship closer to the owner . 
 he was attempting to nudge the owner slightly to starboard . 
 it worked . 
 the owner 's captain did n't like how close the ships were to each other . 
 the owner turned slightly to starboard , now with a heading perfectly aligned to the flashing blue icon . 
 albert watched as the gap closed on the radar screen . 
 the flashing red icon , representing the owner , moved quickly toward the stationary flashing blue icon . 
 albert eased the throttles to 1,200 rpm . 
 teleport slowed to twelve knots per hour . 
 the owner did not slow down and the distance between the two ships widened . 
 easing the throttles again , albert slowed teleport to six knots per hour he looked at james , who was still clutching the handle . 
 `` what the hell were you doing , captain ? '' 
 `` just scaring that asshole a little . 
 he deserved it after what happened last night . '' 
 albert 's afternoon activities were not finished . 
 but , james did n't need to know that . 
 `` so that 's it , captain ? 
 you really think remons will leave you alone , now ? '' 
 `` probably not . 
 but at least i stood up for myself . '' 
 `` no doubt , captain . 
 you have some big balls . '' 
 suddenly , there was a loud explosion . 
 a large plume of water erupted up the starboard side of the owner . 
 the ship was rocking violently side to side . 
 several chairs on the upper deck fell in the water . 
 `` damn ! '' 
 james was frozen . 
 albert was smiling . 
 it had worked perfectly . 
 `` what the hell happened , captain ? '' 
 albert looked at james and shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` beats me . 
 maybe they blew an engine or hit a buoy . 
 karma 's a bitch . '' 
 james eyed albert suspiciously . 
 `` yeah , karma 's a bitch . '' 
 albert switched subjects . 
 `` let 's head in . 
 enough fun has been had , at least for today . '' 
 albert spun the wheel to starboard and pushed the throttles back to 2,000 rpm . 
 teleport went behind the owner and quickly sped by its starboard side . 
 the owner 's captain had slowed her to a crawl . 
 he probably had the crew searching for any damage . 
 teleport reached the breakwater quickly . 
 albert slowed to idle and motored slowly to his temporary slip . 
 reversing the port side engine and engaging the electric bow thruster , he spun the ship around , all within her own length . 
 gently her starboard rail bumped the padded dock . 
 albert shut off the bow thruster , put the engines in neutral , opened the starboard door , stepped up on the deck and then down on the dock . 
 `` help me out , james . '' 
 albert grabbed the bow dock line and tossed it to james . 
 james hooked it securely on the cleat . 
 he then ran to the aft line , picked it up , and tossed it to james , who tied it off . 
 `` james , you are not safe here . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` of course , captain . 
 you saved me this morning . 
 remember ? '' 
 `` you have my phone number already . 
 now , get out of here . 
 go stay somewhere with friends . 
 just get away from here for a while . 
 do n't go back to the gas dock . '' 
 `` sure , captain . '' 
 `` go ! 
 get out of here now . 
 the owner will be in dock soon . 
 you need to be long gone , before then . '' 
 james jumped on the dock and took off running . 
 `` see you , captain . 
 thanks again for saving my skin this morning . '' 
 now , albert was alone on the dock . 
 he looked north , watching the owner pass outside the breakwater . 
 she would be securely in her dock within fifteen minutes . 
 remons likely had his guards on the ready . 
 like storm troopers , they would run across the embarcadero and directly to teleport . 
 he needed some help quickly . 
 albert removed the cop 's business card from earlier in the day . 
 he called the main number listed for the police station . 
 `` san francisco police department . '' 
 `` sergeant bratcher , please . 
 my name is albert pabek . 
 it 's urgent . '' 
 `` one moment . '' 
 `` bratcher speaking . 
 what do you want , mr. pabek ? '' 
 `` i need some help , sir . 
 remons ' thugs attempted to jump us , james edwards , and me , again . 
 they are headed over to my ship . 
 it 's located on dock 14 at pier marina . 
 i am scared for my life . '' 
 `` stay put , mr. pabek . 
 i 'm sending over some officers immediately . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 albert sat in the captain 's chair on the bridge . 
 now , it was a race . 
 who would be the first to arrive ? 
 if it were remons ' goons , albert would need the semi-automatic rifle . 
 if it were the cops , well they would keep the remons ' thugs at bay . 
 ten minutes passed . 
 albert waited nervously . 
 the boys in blue , four of them , barreled through the dock 14 gate . 
 adrenaline charged , in full riot gear , they ran down the pier and quickly reached teleport . 
 albert stepped up on the deck . 
 `` thank you , officers . 
 i really appreciate the quick respo -- '' just then , three of the thugs passed through the security gate , also heading toward teleport . 
 then they froze as the police raised their weapons . 
 the commander spoke , `` this is private property . 
 what is your business ? '' 
 the goons said nothing . 
 quietly , they turned away and left the dock . 
 two of the officers followed . 
 the two remaining officers lowered their weapons . 
 `` mr. pabek . 
 sergeant bratcher suggests you may want to shove off soon . 
 we can only do so much . '' 
 `` how long have i been given ? 
 for you guys to stay here guarding teleport ? '' 
 `` we are here until midnight , sir . 
 after that , you 're on your own . '' 
 albert thanked the officers , stepped down into the bridge , and closed the door . 
 he discreetly picked up the semi-automatic rifle , and climbed down the forward companionway . 
 he placed the gun near the stairs , walked over to the recliner , and sat down . 
 he needed fresh eyes on the problem . 
 thankfully , lawrence was arriving soon . 
 chapter 40 the owner was safely docked in its private pier along the embarcadero , ending the eighteen-hour saga at sea . 
 remons was pacing the upper deck and barking orders at his staff . 
 they had been out of touch with everything within remons global and with the international banks . 
 for all remons knew , there could have been a terrorist attack . 
 he wanted answers , and he wanted them fast . 
 remons yelled , `` caltoan , what was that explosion ? '' 
 caltoan replied , `` sir , i do n't know . 
 however , we are certain it did not originate inside the owner . 
 it came from outside the ship . '' 
 `` what the hell are you telling me ? 
 we ran over an underwater mine ? '' 
 `` sir , i do n't know . 
 we are still investigating . '' 
 `` captain caltoan . 
 i want the owner checked from top to bottom . 
 you make damn sure there 's nothing structurally wrong with this ship . 
 i do n't want to be stuck out at sea , again . 
 everything ! 
 check out all navigation , satellite communication , banking computers , and propulsion systems . 
 i want the owner operational and ready to sail by 6:00 am tomorrow morning . 
 that includes full tanks of fuel and a completely stocked galley . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' responded caltoan . 
 remons looked at one of the guards . 
 `` get the phones from the other security staff ; the ones that were not on the ship with us . 
 i want at least ten replacement phones on this deck immediately . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' the man replied . 
 he ran down the forward stairs . 
 remons continued , `` everyone . 
 get the sim cards out of your phones . 
 put them in the replacement phones when he gets back with them . '' 
 `` elizabeth ! 
 i want a car to pick me up on the end of the pier immediately . 
 it will take me to the office , where i will pick up the porsche . 
 i want two new mobile phones placed in the porsche before i arrive . '' 
 elizabeth replied , `` yes , mr. remons . '' 
 looking at his executives , remons said , `` gentlemen , go to your office immediately . 
 get functioning phones . 
 get the backup computers . 
 start making phone calls to our international friends . 
 explain things will be back on schedule tomorrow morning . '' 
 `` sir , '' one of the executives interrupted , `` we do n't make calls or send messages onshore , remember ? '' 
 remons screamed , `` of course , i remember ! 
 this is a war . 
 make the calls as discreetly as possible . 
 just make sure they understand . 
 we will be operational tomorrow . 
 the money flows are coming ; they are just late . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` mark , '' remons corrected himself . 
 `` max , i want that helicopter inspected and fully functional by 9:00 pm tonight . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' max replied . 
 he was happy remons finally remembered his name . 
 looking at his army of guards , remons said , `` you men have failed a lot in the past day . 
 i will personally destroy each of you , if you do n't get this under control . '' 
 three additional guards ran up on the deck , joining the others . 
 remons looked at them , a question mark on his face . 
 he said , `` well ? 
 where 's the troublemaker ? '' 
 one of the nameless thugs replied , `` sir , the cops arrived before us . 
 they ran us off . 
 i do n't know if they were helping him , or if they were there to arrest him . '' 
 remons was pissed -- even more so . 
 `` as i said . 
 collectively , you are failing . 
 i suggest you fix it , before i fix all of you . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' they all spoke in unison , like a brainwashed group of kids trying to please the father figure . 
 remons walked to the forward staircase , climbed down the steps to the dock level , and exited the owner . 
 standing on the dock , he looked up at the massive ship , privately grateful to her for reaching land safely . 
 once in the limo , remons picked up the car 's permanently mounted phone . 
 he called the twenty-four hour executive service that he maintained . 
 it was a back up to elizabeth , in the unlikely , or unfortunate , event she was not around . 
 someone unknown by remons answered , `` yes , mr. remons . '' 
 `` get me bill shefford 's mobile phone . '' 
 bill answered on the third ring . 
 he could see the call came through the service . 
 `` bill shefford speaking . '' 
 `` bill , what is going on ? '' 
 `` mr. remons , where have you been ? 
 i 've been trying to call you since last night . '' 
 `` we are being attacked . 
 i 've been stuck out in the pacific on the owner ! '' 
 bill did n't know how to respond to remons rant . 
 this was a new problem . 
 `` listen , mr. remons . 
 i 'm at plant 37 . 
 we are losing control . 
 world auto has taken possession . 
 if we do n't find a solution soon , they will legally take permanent ownership of remons global . '' 
 remons sat stunned in the limo . 
 `` what the hell happened ? 
 i thought you said we had inventory ! '' 
 `` we did , sir . 
 it has a quality problem . 
 the destroyer line is down hard . 
 world auto pulled the contract , got a court order , and is now legally running plant 37 . '' 
 remons was silent . 
 `` karl , i have your jet fueled and the crew on standby . 
 are you coming over here ? '' 
 remons half-heartedly said , `` i told you not to call me karl . '' 
 he continued , `` i ca n't come right now . 
 we have a troublemaker over here . 
 we did no business last night . 
 none ! 
 no business . 
 zilch . '' 
 bill replied , `` how could that be ? 
 the systems are redundant . 
 we are doing business now , though . 
 right ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i hope to be sailing early tomorrow morning . 
 we wo n't be able to process transactions until sometime tomorrow . '' 
 `` mr. remons , i 'll take care of things here . 
 your situation is more critical . 
 what am i supposed to say , if i receive any messages from our international business partners ? '' 
 `` tell them it was computer failure . 
 all processing will be completed tomorrow . 
 without fail . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i need to go . 
 the world auto team is asking for my assistance . '' 
 `` go . 
 get it fixed . '' 
 chapter 41 it was 5:21 pm , on the day after the first day of summer . 
 albert showered , shaved , and got dressed . 
 he was wearing a different pair of levi 's , a t-shirt , and a pullover green sweatshirt , which was emblazoned with `` michigan state '' across the front . 
 albert picked up his wallet , the smartphone , and the spare ruger sr9c pistol , from the galley countertop . 
 he stuffed the phone in his front pants pocket , the wallet in a back hip pocket , and the pistol behind the belt on his lower back . 
 he walked up the companionway stairs and across to the starboard bridge door . 
 opening the door , he stepped up on the deck and smiled at the two police officers . 
 albert closed the bridge door and verified it was fully locked . 
 as he stepped down on the dock , one of the police officers asked , `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` dinner with a friend . 
 i 'll be back before you guys have to leave . '' 
 `` mr. pabek , it 's not a good idea for you to be walking around . 
 that guy has a lot of power . '' 
 `` thank you for being concerned . 
 i have to meet my friend , and i 'm hungry . '' 
 albert walked down the dock 14 pier and through the security gate . 
 he weaved his way out of the isolated marina area and into the busier shopping focused area of pier marina . 
 as he approached veronica 's shop , albert could already see things were under control . 
 lawrence stone was sitting at an outdoor table . 
 veronica was sitting with him . 
 they were both laughing . 
 albert walked up quietly . 
 `` lawrence ! 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 lawrence stone jumped to his feet , spun around , and gave albert a big bear hug . 
 `` albert ! 
 i 'm so glad to see you . '' 
 `` i 'm glad to see you , too . 
 sorry for running late . '' 
 lawrence said , `` veronica here has been telling me all about you . 
 she seems to be a little sweet on you , by the way . '' 
 veronica was blushing , but not too much . 
 she smiled . 
 `` hi . 
 where have you been all day ? '' 
 `` i went for a sail early this morning . 
 ended up staying out longer than i expected . '' 
 `` albert , '' she stepped over nearer to him , `` i have n't been able to reach elizabeth , since last night . 
 i 'm worried . '' 
 `` you should n't worry . 
 i 'm sure she is fine . '' 
 albert pointed at the big ship . 
 `` the owner is back . 
 you still have n't heard from her ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i guess mr. asshole has her picking up his dry cleaned socks and underwear . 
 who knows ? 
 i try not to worry . 
 it 's just not easy . '' 
 lawrence looked at albert with a serious face . 
 `` albert , i 'm getting hungry . 
 we need to have some dinner and catch up . 
 i have n't seen you in ages . '' 
 albert smiled . 
 lawrence wanted him on schedule . 
 he was pushing the conversation along . 
 `` liz ! '' 
 veronica ran from the coffee shop toward her . 
 elizabeth was walking toward the group . 
 she reached elizabeth and hugged her tightly . 
 `` why did n't you call ? '' 
 they were walking back to where albert and lawrence were standing . 
 elizabeth said , `` it 's a long story . 
 there was a lot of trouble with the owner . 
 we broke down at sea . '' 
 veronica said , `` oh , my gosh . 
 sit down . 
 let me get you something cold to drink . 
 albert . 
 lawrence . 
 you two , please sit down . 
 liz has been marooned at sea and just finally made it back . 
 i 'll get you guys some drinks , too . '' 
 veronica ran off to the inside service counter . 
 elizabeth sat down . 
 albert and lawrence followed suit . 
 elizabeth stared at albert . 
 finally , she said , `` what the hell were you doing out there this afternoon ? 
 and what was that explosion . '' 
 she looked and sounded like a miniature version of karl remons . 
 it sent shivers along albert 's spine . 
 albert said , `` i 've just been trying to mind my own business . 
 the thugs keep bothering me . 
 that just pushes us back into the fray . '' 
 he continued , `` where i sail my boat is my business . 
 if i want to drive doughnuts around the owner all day long , then i will . 
 as for the explosion , how could that be me ? 
 remons has plenty of enemies . 
 i do n't think i am the only member of the fan club . '' 
 elizabeth leered at him . 
 `` my sister likes you . 
 however , you will probably be dead by tomorrow night . 
 so , do n't hurt my sister 's feelings . '' 
 lawrence 's head was moving back and forth , like he was watching a tennis match . 
 albert smiled , saying , `` by the way , i noticed you standing on the deck . 
 i have to ask . 
 bikini or au natural ? 
 i 'm sure veronica would also be interested in knowing . '' 
 elizabeth stared hard into his eyes , `` you say a word to my sister about that , and i 'll give you my own version of hell . '' 
 then , she said , `` i was not wearing a bikini . 
 wish you were there for a closer look ? '' 
 albert was figuring her out . 
 be careful with this one . 
 `` like you said , elizabeth . 
 veronica likes me . '' 
 veronica walked up with a tray of drinks and sat down at the table . 
 `` spill the beans , liz . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 it was as if someone traded seats with elizabeth . 
 `` veronica , '' she gasped . 
 `` it was horrible . 
 we broke down late last night . 
 i do n't know where we were , or where we were heading . 
 everything was broken . 
 the engines would not work . 
 no air conditioning . 
 we had to eat cold food . 
 it was horrible . '' 
 she continued the drama , `` by noon today , we were more than two hundred miles out at sea . 
 the currents and wind were blowing us further and further from land . 
 finally , the captain got the ship running , and we spent all afternoon getting back to san francisco . '' 
 she hugged veronica . 
 `` it was terrible . 
 my phone did n't work . 
 that remons , he was yelling all the time . 
 he 's such a monster ! '' 
 veronica consoled her sister . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 well , you are safe now . 
 i was worried all day . 
 but , i should have known . 
 you are strong and can get yourself out of any jam . '' 
 veronica was hugging elizabeth . 
 elizabeth was looking at albert with the most evil stare . 
 lawrence stood up . 
 he wanted to get going . 
 albert followed lawrence 's move . 
 `` veronica ? 
 elizabeth ? 
 we have to go . 
 need anything before we leave ? '' 
 veronica said , `` thank you for asking . 
 we will be fine . 
 you are a caring person . '' 
 elizabeth looked at albert . 
 `` you are a caring man , albert . 
 thanks for watching over my baby sister while i was stranded at sea . '' 
 albert and lawrence walked away , weaving a path through the shops along the pier . 
 albert 's phone vibrated . 
 he pulled it from the front pocket of his levi 's . 
 it was a local number . 
 `` hello , '' albert said tentatively . 
 `` captain , '' james was whispering . 
 `` the goons . 
 they are after me . 
 i need your help . '' 
 albert asked quietly , `` where are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm in the shopping area , here on the pier , near the embarcadero . 
 i 'm hiding behind a couple of the small buildings . 
 i keep moving around , hiding behind the shops . 
 but , they know i 'm in here somewhere . 
 they wo n't go away . '' 
 `` i 'll be there in a minute . 
 keep hiding . '' 
 lawrence asked , `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` it 's james , the kid from the gas dock . 
 he 's been helping me out . 
 now remons ' goons are out for him . 
 he shot and killed one of them last night . '' 
 `` shit , albert ! 
 why did you get this guy involved ? '' 
 `` i tried not to . 
 james just kept sticking his fingers in everything . '' 
 albert switched gears . 
 `` here 's the plan . 
 i do n't want him to see you . 
 let me get him out of this mess and send him packing . '' 
 they had stopped on the pier , still some distance from where james was probably hiding . 
 `` just hang out here and watch my back . 
 if it 's only two of the thugs , i should be able to get james and back out of the goons ' vicinity . 
 i 'm going to take him down to the ferries . '' 
 albert was pointing west . 
 one of the ferries could be seen from their angle . 
 `` i 'll get him on a ferry and send him to the far shore . 
 he should be able to manage a clean escape from there . 
 then , i 'll meet you back here . '' 
 albert handed lawrence the pistol . 
 `` hang on to this . 
 this is n't a shooting rescue . '' 
 finally , albert said , `` watch my back . 
 if the goons jump me , we have trouble and you will have to fix it . '' 
 lawrence smiled , `` i 've been cleaning up your messes since second grade . 
 what 's new about that ? 
 go on . 
 save the kid . '' 
 albert walked into the crowded shopping area along the pier . 
 lawrence tried to not lose sight of him , but there were too many people and too many obstacles . 
 albert moved slowly through the outdoor sales stands where people were milling around . 
 suddenly , two thugs grabbed him , one on each of his arms . 
 one jammed a gun in his side . 
 `` we are taking a walk . 
 i have nothing to lose . 
 if i do not deliver you to remons , immediately , then he will kill me . 
 so , believe me . 
 nothing to lose on my part . '' 
 albert was pinned , and he comprehended it completely . 
 they walked off the pier and headed toward the owner . 
 lawrence saw the trio walking along the road . 
 he recognized albert and shook his head . 
 lawrence muttered to himself , `` damn , albert . 
 what the hell am i supposed to do now ? '' 
 the guards pushed him up the gangway and on the owner . 
 once on board , he was pushed to the forward staircase . 
 one of the goons said , `` up . 
 now . '' 
 albert was n't in the mood to joke anymore . 
 he quietly climbed the staircase . 
 he had a good idea what had happened . 
 now , it was time to confirm his suspicions . 
 he emerged from the staircase , stepping on the upper deck . 
 there he was . 
 as albert already suspected , james was not a prisoner . 
 he was sitting in one of remons ' lounge chairs , drinking something dark from a nice glass . 
 he worked for remons . 
 he was one of the goons . 
 `` say , captain ! 
 how ya doin ' today ? 
 guess you did n't figure on me being up here . '' 
 chapter 42 veronica finished her closing activities , while elizabeth sat at an outside table . 
 she set the alarm , locked the coffee shop doors , walked over to elizabeth 's table , and sat down . 
 `` sorry it took so long . 
 i 'm done for the day . 
 are you ready to go home ? '' 
 elizabeth noticed lawrence . 
 he was walking alone across the pier and coming toward them . 
 `` here comes your new friend 's friend . 
 he does n't look as nice as albert , but he would do in a pinch . '' 
 `` liz ! 
 stop it . 
 i 'm interested in albert . '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 you can have him . 
 get on with it , though . 
 no sense wasting a strong , able bodied , and good looking man , like albert , not even for a day . 
 you 're wasting opportunities . '' 
 they were both laughing , as lawrence walked up to their table . 
 `` girls ! 
 we have a small problem . 
 the thugs picked up albert . 
 they hauled him off to the big ship , over there . '' 
 veronica gasped , `` no ! '' 
 she looked at elizabeth . 
 `` get him off there , liz . 
 do something ! '' 
 elizabeth was staring at the table . 
 lawrence sat down . 
 he looked at each of them , curiously . 
 he said , `` well ? 
 what are we going to do ? '' 
 veronica shook elizabeth 's arm and said , `` ca n't you do something ? '' 
 elizabeth looked up , saying , `` you know remons is a monster . 
 he does n't listen to me . '' 
 `` please ? '' 
 veronica was begging . 
 `` i 'll see what i can do . 
 no promises . 
 i 'm going back aboard the owner and will talk with remons . '' 
 veronica said , `` i want to go with you . '' 
 `` no . 
 you ca n't . 
 you know that . '' 
 lawrence said , `` well , i did n't come to san francisco to get killed . 
 i was just here to see my old friend . 
 see you girls later . 
 nice meeting you . '' 
 lawrence stood up to leave , but veronica reached over and pulled on his arm . 
 `` please do n't abandon him ! 
 they may kill him , lawrence ! 
 do n't you understand ? '' 
 lawrence carefully lifted veronica 's hand off his arm . 
 `` it 's nothing personal . 
 i understand , but i 'm just a guy out here on vacation . '' 
 then he added , `` tell you what . 
 i 'll go talk to the police and see how they can help . 
 albert has been kidnapped . 
 the police will know how to handle this properly . '' 
 `` no , lawrence ! 
 you ca n't do that ! '' 
 elizabeth was standing up and yelling at the same time . 
 veronica added , `` no , lawrence . 
 he controls most of the police leaders anyway . 
 it would be futile . '' 
 lawrence offered his last suggestion , saying , `` give me some time to think more about this problem . 
 i 'm going for a walk . 
 will you both meet me back here in an hour ? '' 
 veronica leaned over and hugged lawrence tightly around the neck . 
 she said , `` thank you . 
 i knew you were a good friend to albert . '' 
 elizabeth , still standing , said , `` i 'm leaving now . 
 i will meet both of you here . 
 in an hour . '' 
 she walked away , heading to the owner . 
 lawrence said goodbye to veronica and also walked away . 
 veronica decided to wait at the coffee shop . 
 she unlocked the doors , went inside , and locked the doors behind her . 
 after brewing a fresh cup of coffee and finding a stale pastry , she sat down at an inside table . 
 the owner was in clear view from her seat . 
 lawrence found a secluded bench , along the embarcadero , not too far from the owner . 
 it provided a decent view of the ship . 
 from his seat , he should be able to see albert , if he were removed from the ship . 
 the helicopter was on the deck , so he had not left by that way . 
 lawrence watched elizabeth as she confidently strolled toward the owner . 
 he lost sight of her , after she passed behind the ship , along the dock on the port side . 
 now all he could do was watch and wait . 
 elizabeth walked up to the two guards protecting the gangway to the ship . 
 `` where did you put mr. pabek ? '' 
 elizabeth williams was not karl remons . 
 the security team did not treat her like him . 
 however , they did treat her differently than most of the other employees . 
 she did n't have much power , but she had some . 
 none of the guards wanted to find out how much , or how little , power she actually might possess . 
 one of the guards said , `` he 's on the upper deck . 
 the guys are holding him , until mr. remons returns . '' 
 `` ma’am , '' the other guard said , `` please move over here . 
 they need to get through . '' 
 the guard was pointing at max and the two mechanics . 
 they were from the airport coming to check out the helicopter . 
 the first guard said to the mechanics , `` welcome aboard . 
 please step inside the ship . 
 the two men past the doorway will be inspecting your gear bags . 
 we have very tight security requirements . '' 
 max stepped on the gangway , followed in close procession by the mechanics . 
 the trio disappeared into the shadows of the owner . 
 elizabeth followed behind them on the gangway . 
 `` i 'm going back aboard . '' 
 she was n't asking permission , and the guards did not stop her . 
 elizabeth took the forward staircase , trotting quickly up both floors and promptly reaching the upper deck . 
 james , albert , and three guards were in the forward area , where remons normally sat . 
 she noticed at the stern that max , along with his mechanics , had arrived on the upper deck via the public aft staircase . 
 elizabeth walked over to the forward sitting area . 
 `` hi , elizabeth , '' james was smiling at her . 
 `` james , '' she said tersely . 
 she was all business . 
 `` you have a death wish ? 
 why are you sitting in remons ' chair ? '' 
 james frowned , but he took the warning , phrased as a question , seriously . 
 immediately , he moved to a different chair . 
 then he said , `` it was tough getting this guy caught . 
 he 's a smart one . '' 
 albert was staring down intently at james . 
 he wanted him to feel the heat of his eyes . 
 elizabeth waved at the guards . 
 `` take him to my cabin . 
 we will keep him there , until mr. remons arrives and decides how to dispose of him . '' 
 the three guards walked off with albert . 
 she returned her stare to james , asking , `` what happened today ? 
 mr. remons is furious . 
 we are both going to get fired , unless this gets fixed , fast . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 the captain ... he had us floating all afternoon out on open water . 
 he seemed to know the owner was coming back to san francisco . 
 get this . 
 he has some serious electronic shit on that boat . 
 his radar picked up the owner way out , like thirty minutes away . '' 
 `` what was he trying to do ? 
 crash into us ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 he said he was trying to scare everyone on board . '' 
 `` what was the explosion , james ? '' 
 james laughed uncomfortably . 
 `` listen , i do n't think that was his doing . 
 i accused him of it and he denied it . 
 i think were it him , he would have been bragging . 
 he was bragging about everything else . 
 anyway , how could he have done it ? 
 it does n't make any sense . 
 we were on his boat when it happened . '' 
 `` you need to get off the owner before remons shows up . 
 he has a temper . 
 you could end up in a bad place . '' 
 james had n't received the warm hero 's welcome he was expecting . 
 he did what no one else had done . 
 he had delivered albert pabek . 
 however , elizabeth was right . 
 being on the owner when remons showed up was not good for his life expectancy . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i 'll go , now . '' 
 james stood and rapidly made steps for the forward staircase . 
 elizabeth walked across the upper deck heading toward the stern of the ship and the helicopter . 
 max noticed her approaching . 
 he left the mechanics to their work and leaned on the aft staircase , blocking her progress . 
 max set on a cheesy smile , and said , `` i 'll have the helicopter ready , on schedule . 
 will you tell mr. remons ? '' 
 `` sure , max . 
 will you move ? 
 please ? 
 i 'm in a hurry . '' 
 `` sorry , '' he said , but did n't move . 
 `` i was wondering ... well , i just wanted to say ... um ... you looked really nice today ... i mean really , really nice . 
 out here on the upper deck . '' 
 max seemed to be trying to give the previously naked woman a compliment . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'm glad to hear that . '' 
 `` anyway , i was hoping maybe later , we could -- '' `` no . 
 get lost . 
 i do n't fraternize with remons ' people . '' 
 max did n't move . 
 he said , `` i was asking you out on a date . 
 not to be my whore . 
 no need to get snotty about it . 
 i guess your whoring duties do n't leave you enough time for real dates . '' 
 he stepped aside . 
 elizabeth said nothing . 
 she descended the staircase , reached the deck for her cabin , and walked down the corridor . 
 three guards were standing outside the door , a little bored with their assignment from elizabeth to guard the prisoner . 
 elizabeth stopped at the cabin . 
 `` unlock the door . 
 i need to ask him a couple of questions . '' 
 `` ma’am ? '' 
 one of the guards said with surprise . 
 `` you do n't need to go in there . '' 
 `` you heard me . 
 i need to confirm something james learned about mr. pabek . 
 and , i need to do it now . 
 it must be verified before mr. remons arrives . '' 
 the same guard was now convinced . 
 he said , `` yes , ma’am . '' 
 she said , `` give me fifteen minutes . 
 if i have n't knocked , saying i 'm ready to leave , then come in and get me . '' 
 the door was unlocked . 
 elizabeth opened it , stepped in the small cabin , and closed the door behind her . 
 albert was sitting on her bed . 
 `` hi , albert . '' 
 albert looked at her , saying nothing , with an uninterested , blank look on his face . 
 `` veronica asked me to get you out of this jam . 
 you know that 's not happening . 
 right ? '' 
 albert replied , `` of course . 
 you are just here attempting to maintain your dual identity . 
 there 's no way you want to tell veronica about the depth of your lies . '' 
 elizabeth said , `` true . '' 
 then albert added , `` remons will kill you . 
 it 's only a matter of when . 
 i suggest you disappear before he gets the opportunity . 
 your life is in danger . '' 
 elizabeth seemed scared . 
 she asked , `` why do you say that ? '' 
 `` i know karl remons . 
 his world is crumbling around him . 
 he will pull you into the death pit with him . '' 
 she said , `` i 'm in too deep . 
 there 's no way out , alive anyway . 
 i have to go . '' 
 elizabeth knocked on the door and abruptly left the room . 
 chapter 43 sitting in the porsche , in the parking garage below remons tower , the tower 's namesake was adeptly disassembling the mobile phones . 
 remons removed the sim cards from the electronically damaged phones , quickly installing them in the replacement phones secured by elizabeth . 
 a casual observer could easily have assumed a car theft , robbery , or drug deal was underway ; no one guessing a multi-billionaire would be doing what he was doing . 
 remons finished his project and powered up both new phones ; his normal line , along with the ultra-private line . 
 immediately , emails , text messages , and voicemails began to stack up on the published phone . 
 he was ignoring that line , placing his full attention on the private line . 
 the private line sounded two times , and the voicemail counter read , `` 2 '' . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 remons slammed his fist against the interior headliner of the porsche . 
 he pressed the voicemail icon on the private phone . 
 `` message 1 . 
 saturday . 
 june 22 . 
 12:31 pm . 
 ` remons , you are ignoring my call . 
 this is not healthy . 
 meet me tonight at the oakland plant . 
 be there . ' 
 end of message . '' 
 remons started to sweat . 
 there was something about the stranger 's voice . 
 he breathed deeply and looked at the phone . 
 the second message was still waiting . 
 he pressed the next message icon . 
 `` message 2 . 
 saturday . 
 june 22 . 
 2:19 pm . 
 ` there were no transactions last night . 
 you have an obligation . 
 a very large obligation . 
 your international partner will give you until midnight , tomorrow . 
 no other reprieves will be granted . ' 
 end of message . '' 
 remons ' sweating increased , soaking and staining the porsche 's expensive hand-stitched leather seat . 
 one of the mobile phones buzzed . 
 it was the published number phone . 
 the caller was one of his security guards . 
 remons pressed accept . 
 `` what ! '' 
 `` mr. remons , sir . '' 
 it was elizabeth . 
 `` fix your phone , elizabeth ! '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i will as soon as possible . 
 i needed to talk to you urgently . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the guards were successful . 
 they picked up pabek . 
 he 's locked in a stateroom on the owner . '' 
 things turned instantly brighter for remons . 
 he said , `` very good . '' 
 `` i told them you would be returning soon , and to do nothing until you arrive . '' 
 `` change of plans . 
 is the helicopter repaired ? '' 
 `` max has the mechanics working on it now . 
 i can check the status and let you know . '' 
 remons said , `` i 'm driving to plant 1 . 
 i need to get a first hand update on the explosion from last night . '' 
 `` very good , sir . 
 i will call bill shefford and sam halsop , and let them know you are in route . 
 they will be ready to receive you . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 remons said , revealing too much with the tone of his voice . 
 trying to recover control of the conversation , he continued , `` shefford is in michigan . 
 i 've already talked to him . 
 and , i do n't need halsop there . 
 in fact , i do n't want him there . 
 i want to see for myself the damage , without some plant manager trying to bullshit me . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i understand . 
 i wo n't call them . 
 what do you want the guards to do with pabek ? '' 
 `` put him on the helicopter . 
 two guards will need to ride with him . 
 i want him flown to plant 1 . 
 there , i will deal with mr. pabek . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 anything else ? '' 
 `` no . 
 get it done . '' 
 remons pressed the end call icon , tossed the phone in the passenger seat , and stared at the private numbered phone in his other hand . 
 they were both shaking ; his hand and the phone . 
 the severity of the situation was beginning to settle deep in remons ' psyche . 
 he closed his eyes . 
 rather , his brain closed his eyes . 
 remons passed out . 
 his body issued a time-out command . 
 it needed a mental and physical disruption from reality . 
 ----- elizabeth dropped the phone in her shoulder bag , as she stepped off the gangway and onto the dock . 
 james was still there . 
 he was leaning on a piling - laughing and smiling . 
 he was chatting casually with the two guards posted at the entrance to the owner 's private pier . 
 elizabeth approached , yelling as she reached the group of men . 
 `` james ! 
 what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 james pivoted his head and smirked at her . 
 `` yes , i 'm leaving . 
 just the way we talked earlier up on deck . 
 no worries . 
 i just stopped for a moment to chat with my buddies . 
 they are my friends -- i 'm just talking . 
 or , is that not allowed , either ? '' 
 she wrapped her small hand around james ' lanky arm , pulling him down the pier , through the gate , and to the embarcadero . 
 she stopped and turned him to face her . 
 she had to tilt her head upward . 
 he was lanky , but still nearly a foot taller than her . 
 she said , `` you are going to end up dead , if you do n't stop screwing around . 
 just because you finally got pabek onboard the owner , it does not mean you are now the golden boy . 
 remons is still pissed at you . 
 he does n't forget mistakes or stupidity . 
 you have a long list of those ; all fully tallied in remons ' head . '' 
 she shoved him forward , toward the embarcadero and away from the owner . 
 `` get out of here . 
 hurry ! '' 
 james realized she was right . 
 he had messed up several tasks since his employment began with remons global four years earlier . 
 technically , he was still employed , because he was still vertical ; he was still alive . 
 he headed along the street , more so in a jog , rather than a stroll . 
 she had sufficiently scared him . 
 he was walking along the embarcadero , heading back to the pier marina gas dock . 
 elizabeth was walking the same direction , but at a much slower pace . 
 the gap between them widened to about two hundred feet . 
 she was not in a hurry to get back to veronica 's coffee shop . 
 lawrence , sitting along the embarcadero , closer to pier marina , rather than to the owner 's private pier , had witnessed the exchange between elizabeth and james . 
 it was like he had been watching a silent movie ; a well scripted one . 
 words had been unnecessary . 
 he had a reasonable idea of the conversation , as well as the relationship between the actors . 
 walking along the embarcadero , elizabeth noticed lawrence sitting on a bench . 
 still in no hurry to see veronica , elizabeth stopped , and asked , `` what are you doing ? '' 
 lawrence answered , `` thinking . 
 studying the ship . 
 was that man hassling you ? 
 the one on the pier ? '' 
 elizabeth became concerned . 
 she was unsure what lawrence had seen . 
 she had to talk through this carefully , as to avoid any additional discussion with veronica . 
 `` it was nothing . 
 i was getting trouble from the guards . 
 they would n't let me talk to albert . 
 they ignored my begging for his release . '' 
 `` who was the guy on the pier ? '' 
 `` oh , that was james ... , '' she said . 
 immediately , she thought , `` damn it ! '' 
 lawrence did n't know any of them , still she regretted giving up the name . 
 she recovered , `` he 's just one of the local guys around here . 
 always trying to get a date with me . 
 i did n't have time to mess with him today , and he got upset . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 let me know if he causes more trouble . 
 i can step in , if he 's becoming too much of a nuisance . '' 
 `` sure . 
 thank you . '' 
 then , he stood up , asking , `` ready to go see your sister ? '' 
 they walked in silence , slowly making their way to the coffee shop . 
 elizabeth was trying to delay the bad news for veronica . 
 lawrence was reprocessing his analysis of the overall situation . 
 as they neared the coffee shop , veronica spotted them . 
 she ran up , saying , `` well , where 's albert ? '' 
 elizabeth said , `` he is still on the owner . 
 remons is n't on board . 
 the guards would n't let me see him . 
 i begged them to release albert . 
 they said mr. remons had them under strict orders not to release him . '' 
 veronica exclaimed , `` you have to do something . 
 are you just going to let remons kill him ? '' 
 lawrence said , `` let 's sit down . 
 we need to think through possible options . '' 
 the trio went back to their old seats on the dock in front of the coffee shop ; the owner in clear view across the cold water . 
 looking at lawrence , veronica asked , `` what can we do ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 it will take me some time to think through all the possibilities . '' 
 lawrence was lying . 
 he had some ideas -- ideas he would not share with them . 
 in the distance , they heard the engines start on remons ' helicopter . 
 they each turned their heads to watch . 
 the sikorsky 's rotors were rotating . 
 veronica looked over at the ship . 
 `` liz ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 it was elizabeth 's turn to lie . 
 she said , `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` you said remons was n't on the ship . 
 where 's the helicopter going ? '' 
 elizabeth sat silently . 
 she hated lying to her sister . 
 veronica screamed , `` elizabeth ! 
 answer me . '' 
 she expanded the story of deceit , saying , `` remons wanted the helicopter in oakland . 
 he 's driving over there , now . 
 the plant had some problems last night , and he wants to check on the status . 
 i 'm guessing he will fly back to the owner in the helicopter , after he 's finished at the oakland plant . 
 the owner is sailing tomorrow morning . '' 
 lawrence silently processed the information . 
 albert must be a passenger in the helicopter . 
 there would be no reason to leave him on the ship overnight . 
 and , it may be easier to dispose of his body in oakland . 
 veronica was having the same thought . 
 `` is albert in the helicopter ? '' 
 elizabeth continued her lie . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 the helicopter was lifting off the deck of the owner . 
 from their seats at the coffee shop , the helicopter 's black tinted windows revealed nothing about the passengers . 
 lawrence had secured enough information . 
 besides , elizabeth had little more to offer . 
 he needed to save albert . 
 `` i have to go , '' lawrence was speaking and standing up . 
 veronica stood , grabbed his arm , and begged , saying , `` you have to do something ! 
 he 's your friend . '' 
 `` please , believe me . 
 i 'm trying to figure something out . 
 but , remember , i 'm just one man . 
 there 's not much i can really do . '' 
 he hugged her , `` yes , it 's true . 
 albert is my friend . 
 however , this is his mess . 
 i can not ... i will not get killed trying to bail him out . '' 
 then , lawrence played the final deception of the meeting , mainly for elizabeth 's benefit . 
 `` i am going to the hotel . 
 it has been a long day , and i have jet lag . 
 i 'll be back here in the morning for some coffee and breakfast . 
 we can talk , then . 
 maybe , one of us will have a good idea . '' 
 lawrence suggested , `` elizabeth , you should take her home . 
 both of you have had a rough day . 
 let 's all get some sleep . 
 we need clear heads for tomorrow morning . 
 agreed ? '' 
 elizabeth stood up . 
 `` yes . 
 that 's a good idea . 
 anyway , i 'm exhausted . 
 come on , baby sister . 
 let 's go home . 
 we will think of something by morning . '' 
 she put her arm around veronica 's shoulder . 
 `` liz ? 
 lawrence ? '' 
 she pleaded with both of them . 
 `` ca n't we do something tonight ? '' 
 both shook their heads . 
 elizabeth tugged on veronica . 
 `` things will be better in the morning . '' 
 the two women left dad 's coffee & more , heading toward the embarcadero and disappearing from lawrence 's view . 
 lawrence , now alone in his thoughts , stood blankly staring at the owner . 
 he waited several minutes , just to make sure one , or both , of the women did not double back to the coffee shop . 
 satisfied they were indeed gone , lawrence headed for the gas dock . 
 as he approached , lawrence stepped quietly to the store 's entrance . 
 there was a chalk outline from the previous night 's shooting . 
 the police tape was scattered around , now just blowing in the wind . 
 most of the glass had been cleaned up . 
 one of the doors had been covered with plywood and appeared to be nailed shut . 
 the other door was intact , but it looked like the door handle was not functional . 
 lawrence studied it closely . 
 it did not appear to have a lock . 
 he looked through the only glass door remaining . 
 it was dark inside , but it was not too dark . 
 he could see james . 
 the double-crossing punk was sitting in a chair , drinking a beer , and watching a baseball game on television . 
 james also noticed lawrence . 
 `` go away . 
 closed . 
 come back tomorrow . '' 
 lawrence looked around the dock area . 
 no one else was nearby . 
 he removed the pistol from his belt . 
 he pushed the door , just slightly . 
 it was not locked . 
 then , he quickly pushed it open fully , ran into the store , and pointed the gun at james ' head . 
 `` do n't move . 
 just sit there . '' 
 with the gun still pointed at james , lawrence walked back to the door and closed it . 
 james was shaking . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` you and i are going to have a talk . 
 it 's going to be a long night , james . '' 
 `` who are you ? 
 how do you know my name ? '' 
 `` it 's not important . 
 cooperate , and you may live . 
 give me trouble , and well , then i will kill you . 
 do we have an agreement ? '' 
 james slouched in the chair . 
 `` whatever , dude . 
 i may end up dead , but i wo n't be alone . 
 you are messing with the wrong guy . 
 i have powerful friends . '' 
 `` do n't give me that shit ! 
 you are an expendable stooge , working for a guy who could n't care less about you . '' 
 `` so ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 `` right now ? 
 i want some dinner . 
 and , i have selected you as my chef . 
 cook us up something . 
 do n't try being a hero . 
 i 'll kill you without the slightest hesitation . 
 you are expendable to me , too . '' 
 `` yeah , sure . '' 
 james stood up slowly and carefully . 
 he walked over to one of the refrigerators , opened the door , and rummaged through the offerings . 
 `` i 've got a couple of microwaveable burritos . '' 
 `` that 's fine . 
 nuke ` em . 
 and , get us a couple of beers . '' 
 chapter 44 it was 7:08 pm , on the day after the first day of summer . 
 albert was facing backward , sitting in the middle seat of remons ' plush helicopter cabin . 
 one guard was facing albert . 
 he was sitting in the forward facing chair , but it was n't remons ' chair . 
 no one but karl remons used that seat . 
 the other guard sat to albert 's right . 
 he was also facing backward . 
 `` so , tell me ? 
 where are we going ? '' 
 the guards said nothing . 
 albert said , `` remons has his leash tied around your tongues ? '' 
 `` shut up , asshole . '' 
 up front in the cockpit , max had secretly turned on the intercom and muted his own microphone . 
 he was enjoying the verbal exchange with remons ' prisoner . 
 he unmuted the microphone . 
 they were approaching plant 1 . 
 `` excuse me . 
 we are arriving at the oakland facility . '' 
 max switched off his microphone and initiated the landing procedure . 
 today , he would be able to place the aircraft on its assigned parking spot , atop the one hundred foot tall building . 
 max eased the collective and the throttle , allowing the sikorsky to begin its descent . 
 simultaneously , he pulled back on the cyclic with his right hand , stopping their progression , directly over the `` h '' emblazoned on the roof of plant 1 . 
 gently , the helicopter settled onto the roof . 
 max kept his feet on the toe brakes to prevent the sikorsky from rolling on its landing wheels . 
 while powering down the aircraft , he saw the guards hauling albert into the rooftop elevator . 
 ----- on the other side of san francisco bay , remons was in the porsche on the oakland bay bridge . 
 he was driving fast , hurtling along at one hundred twenty five miles per hour , and weaving through the light saturday evening traffic . 
 the police officers on motorcycles had already picked him up on their traffic radar guns . 
 they were racing toward him and rapidly closing the gap . 
 they pulled up behind the speeding car , and then quickly slowed down . 
 one cop said to the other , `` i hate that asshole . '' 
 both watched as the porsche , with its vanity plate , `` owner '' , disappeared over the bridge and into oakland . 
 remons continued on to plant 1 , laughing at the cops and their lack of balls to mess with him . 
 remons jammed the phone button on the car . 
 `` call bill shefford . '' 
 `` yes , mr. remons , '' the car responded , correctly this time . 
 `` this is bill . '' 
 `` bill ! 
 it 's me . 
 why did you answer that way ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir . 
 i answered the call without looking at the display . '' 
 `` what 's happening over there ? '' 
 `` it is n't any better . 
 world auto has more people arriving in the morning . 
 hang on a minute . '' 
 remons could hear a lot of noise in the background . 
 it sounded like bill was walking . 
 then it was suddenly quiet . 
 `` sorry , mr. remons . 
 i 'm out at dinner with malete and a couple of his lieutenants . 
 i stepped away from the table , so we could talk privately . 
 i am doing everything i can , but this is serious . '' 
 `` bill ! 
 i ca n't help you , right now . 
 we have even bigger troubles here . 
 understand my meaning ! '' 
 bill sighed , `` i know . 
 no need to elaborate . '' 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` like i said , they have more people coming early tomorrow morning . 
 i 'm pushing malete now for details . 
 i also just learned that the president of world auto is coming , too . 
 you know what that means . '' 
 `` yes , bill ! 
 what the fuck am i supposed to do ? 
 i ca n't be in both places at the same time ! '' 
 `` he 's world auto 's top guy . 
 if you are n't here , it will make things worse . 
 they are after the whole company . '' 
 remons sighed loudly . 
 `` i know . 
 you have to fix it . '' 
 `` karl , please listen . 
 you may not own remons global on monday morning . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` fuck you , bill ! 
 of course , i understand . 
 stop calling me karl . 
 i 'm not your friend ! 
 if i do n't have a company on monday morning , you do n't have a job either ! 
 therefore , we will be even . 
 now get off the phone and go fix this ! 
 do not let me down . 
 if you do , i 'll be the last person you ever let down . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i wo n't let you down . '' 
 bill looked at his phone . 
 remons had hung up on him , again . 
 he put away the phone and headed back to the dinner with malete . 
 he needed remons ' help in michigan . 
 it was the only chance at saving remons global , and the namesake , karl remons , was going to be a no-show . 
 ----- remons drove in silence for the remaining two miles distance to plant 1 . 
 no phone calls . 
 no radio . 
 just him , his fears , and his paranoia , invading any possibility of clear thought . 
 he arrived at the plant 1 security gate , yelled at the gate to open faster , and then blasted through the parking lot . 
 he screeched into the garage , and then into his isolated parking space located ten feet from the elevator . 
 the sign above the space read , `` mine - not yours '' . 
 remons climbed out of the porsche , stormed through the entrance , and jammed the elevator `` up '' button . 
 the elevator arrived , its doors opened and remons stepped inside . 
 he pressed the `` 7 '' button , breathed deeply , and slowed his heart rate . 
 the doors opened and karl remons emerged . 
 he had transformed himself , now outwardly looking like the confident leader of the free world , ready to handle even the most unimaginable event . 
 he walked slowly and deliberately to bill 's office , opened the doors , and walked inside . 
 his presence commanded the room . 
 albert was sitting on a sofa . 
 the two guards , one on each side of albert , were also sitting . 
 the two combatants locked eyes . 
 remons said nothing . 
 albert said even less . 
 remons walked over . 
 he slowly sat down in the chair directly facing albert . 
 they both continued glaring in silence . 
 remons broke the silent power game , saying , `` mr. pabek . 
 as you have come to learn , i am in complete control of your fate . 
 it is unfortunate you chose to ignore my eleventh hour pardon last night . '' 
 albert looked at remons with disinterest . 
 remons pressing on , said , `` the kamikaze run at my ship today was stupid . 
 it was a death wish . 
 and , i will grant your wish . '' 
 albert 's expression had not changed . 
 he still said nothing . 
 `` the explosion was an even more stupid idea ... '' albert smiled . 
 not a small , discrete smile . 
 it was a wide , full-face smile . 
 `` that was n't me . 
 i would like to shake the hand of the person responsible . 
 i would like to take credit , but it seems you have enemies much smarter than me . 
 it was an act of brilliance . 
 i only wish it had sunk your shitty boat . '' 
 remons stood up , leaned over the table , and yelled closely in albert 's face . 
 `` shut up , asshole ! 
 i know you did it ! '' 
 albert smiled , `` i wish . 
 however , you wish - even more - that i were responsible . 
 if i did it , you would no longer be scared . 
 however , you know the truth . 
 you 're screwed , remons . 
 someone much bigger than me is out to kill you . '' 
 remons stood again , this time stepping over the coffee table separating them . 
 he punched albert in the head . 
 albert jumped up , but the guards grabbed him , and quickly yanked him back on the sofa . 
 `` you 're a chickenshit , remons . 
 and , you know it . '' 
 albert 's temple was bleeding from remons ' fist hitting his head . 
 remons sat back down . 
 now , he was off his game . 
 pabek 's words had gotten inside his head . 
 pabek was small potatoes . 
 he was just some troublemaker that was envious of him and remons global , just like thousands of people in the world . 
 he did n't really care why , at least not at the moment . 
 the unknown caller would soon be visiting plant 1 . 
 albert could see the gears spinning in remons ' head . 
 now was his chance . 
 he said , `` karl -- '' remons jumped up and leaned over the table , yelling , `` do not call me karl ! '' 
 the guards were stunned by remons ' booming loud voice , and they had spent years listening to the man and his verbal assaults . 
 albert started over - in a derisive and meek voice . 
 `` mr. remons , sir . 
 sir , it seems your international banking friends ... well , sir , it seems they are not happy . 
 correct ? 
 sir , mr. remons , sir ? '' 
 `` pabek ! 
 what the hell do you know about that ? '' 
 albert turned off the meek voice . 
 `` like i said , karl , you are fucked ! 
 now let me go . 
 now ! '' 
 remons was laughing . 
 nevertheless , it was a nervous laugh . 
 he was desperately trying to save face with his men . 
 he kept laughing and laughing . 
 it was uncomfortable for everyone in the room . 
 it was like remons had left the room , only leaving behind an endlessly looped laugh soundtrack . 
 finally , he stopped laughing and looked at one of the guards . 
 `` take this asshole back to the owner . 
 when you get there , kick him off the ship . '' 
 the guard , puzzled , looked at remons . 
 however , he did not question his command . 
 in a threatening , quiet voice , remons said , `` mr. pabek , you are like a little mouse , and i am the cat . 
 one of these hours , not days mind you , i 'm going to bite your head off . 
 i will eat your head , then i will suck out your insides through my teeth . '' 
 he continued , `` there 's no where on this earth to hide from me . 
 leave tonight . 
 do n't leave tonight . 
 i do not care . 
 you are just my helpless prey . 
 i will catch you , again . 
 maybe , even two , or three more times . 
 then , i will tire of you , my little toy . 
 remember that . '' 
 remons nodded . 
 the goons lifted albert from the couch . 
 remons punched him harder this time , right in the abdomen . 
 albert was hurting from this one . 
 he could n't get any words out . 
 `` speechless now , are n't you , asshole ? '' 
 then , looking at the guards , he said , `` get him out of here . '' 
 remons began to laugh , again . 
 the goons and albert could still hear remons laughing , even after the elevator doors were closed . 
 on the roof , they walked to the helicopter . 
 albert was tossed in the cabin . 
 one of the goons spoke to max . 
 max climbed in the cockpit , started the helicopter , and the four of them departed plant 1 in the sikorsky . 
 in route to the owner , max pressed the intercom button . 
 `` gentlemen . 
 i have to refuel the helicopter . 
 i will let you out on the deck of the owner , but i 'm not staying . '' 
 a guard pressed the intercom button . 
 `` whatever . 
 just be ready to pick up remons . 
 he will probably leave the porsche at plant 1 . '' 
 a few minutes later , max set the helicopter softly on the owner . 
 everyone climbed out of the cabin . 
 when they were clear of the helicopter , max lifted off again , setting a path for the oakland airport . 
 one of the goons pushed albert down the public aft staircase . 
 eventually , they reached the port side gangway . 
 he shoved albert , hard . 
 albert fell down the gangway ramp . 
 `` go away , mr. pabek , '' then , the thugs turned around and walked back aboard the owner . 
 albert slowly stood up . 
 he made his way off the private pier and found a nearby bench along the embarcadero . 
 now , he was really mad . 
 earlier , the situation had been dire . 
 he had been worried and scared . 
 he had been near certain death . 
 now , the worry and fear had festered . 
 they had festered into absolute and pure rage . 
 he pulled himself off the bench . 
 his head and ribs hurt . 
 slower than usual , he walked along the embarcadero . 
 mercifully , remons ' thugs had not taken his phone or wallet . 
 he pulled out the phone to call lawrence . 
 when lawrence answered , albert said , `` where are you ? '' 
 `` albert ! 
 you sly devil . 
 already out of the quandary ? 
 i did n't even get to help . '' 
 albert was laughing . 
 lawrence was a forever friend . 
 he made albert remember their childhood and an easier time in life . 
 albert said , `` i thought you were smarter than me ? 
 next time , you better work faster . '' 
 now lawrence was chuckling at him . 
 `` come on over to the gas dock . 
 your friend , james , and i , have just finished our dinner . 
 i 'll have him cook something up for you . '' 
 albert breathed a sigh of relief . 
 if lawrence had james , then there was still hope for a favorable outcome . 
 he jogged the remaining distance , reaching the gas dock in five minutes . 
 arriving at the gas dock , he found the police tape , chalk line , and the plywood over one of the doors . 
 albert noticed the remaining functional door was not lockable . 
 he pushed the door open , walked in , and closed the door behind him . 
 lawrence and james were sitting in two chairs . 
 each had a beer in their hand . 
 `` james , you stupid son of a bitch . '' 
 `` cool down there , captain ! 
 just doin ' my job . '' 
 `` i trusted you . '' 
 looking at lawrence , albert said , `` what do we do with him ? 
 we ca n't let him go . '' 
 lawrence replied , `` i do n't know yet . 
 we will figure something out . '' 
 `` you guys should just let me go . 
 remons is going to kill you . 
 no sense in me dying too . '' 
 albert had to know . 
 `` why ? 
 why are you hooked up with remons ? '' 
 `` no choice , captain . 
 like , i said . 
 i 've lived without , before . 
 i took a couple of jobs , back a few years ago . 
 nothing too big . 
 then , i was stuck . 
 they kept giving me bigger jobs . 
 it was real clear . 
 refusing was the same thing as dying . '' 
 `` one of my jobs is keeping an eye on the happenings around here . 
 you showing up yesterday morning , in that fancy ship , well ... anyway , i had to check you out . 
 remons is really a paranoid dude . 
 when he heard you were asking questions about the owner ... well , you just should n't be poking around here . 
 this is his turf . '' 
 albert stopped james ' story . 
 he asked , `` what questions was i asking about the owner ? '' 
 james smiled . 
 `` captain , there are no secrets on these docks . 
 you asked veronica yesterday morning . '' 
 albert was pissed . 
 he could not believe veronica was part of this mess . 
 he asked , `` why did veronica tell you ? 
 why does she care ? '' 
 now , james was laughing . 
 `` do n't be silly , captain . 
 veronica told elizabeth . 
 elizabeth told me . 
 she was doing me a favor -- trying to help get me back in the good graces of remons . 
 i called my buddies and they came down to dock 14 to talk to you . '' 
 albert nodded his head . 
 now , things were becoming clearer . 
 james said , `` so anyway , i suggest you two guys get on teleport . 
 get the hell out of here . 
 i 'll stay right here . 
 all night . 
 wo n't have to report you gone , until tomorrow morning , anyway . 
 captain , that ship of yours is something special . 
 i 'm guessing you could be in mexico by dawn , as fast as it can move . 
 where 'd you get a ship like that ? '' 
 albert had had enough . 
 `` shut up , james . '' 
 `` no worries , captain . 
 just tryin ' to help you out of this predicament . '' 
 now james started fishing . 
 albert had painfully realized james was good at playing the dumb , down-on-your-luck act . 
 he was n't super smart , but james was far keener than the act he put on . 
 `` captain ? 
 i got ta know . 
 so how did you make that explosion on the owner ? '' 
 albert smiled , `` like i said earlier , it was n't me . 
 remons is in deep shit with some nasty people . 
 you know that . 
 i 'm guessing he , and maybe you , and some of the other thugs , will eventually get offered an opportunity for a one-way trip out to sea . '' 
 `` come on , captain . 
 gee , whiz . 
 i know it was you . 
 had to be . '' 
 `` james , you think what you need to , in order to make all this craziness sensible in your little head . '' 
 `` captain , i 'll tell you a secret , if you tell me the truth about the explosion . '' 
 albert asked , `` what 's your secret ? '' 
 james leaned back , smiling . 
 he said , `` you know the guy that mugged you ? 
 when you ended up in the water ? 
 well , that was me . 
 i hit you with a baseball bat . 
 kinda ironic , huh ? 
 me and you went to a baseball game , and i clobbered you with a baseball bat . '' 
 albert shook his head . 
 `` you are a dumbass , are n't you ? 
 it was more important to your ego to brag about that , rather than begging for you life or trying to rationalize with me . 
 that 's just plain stupid , james . '' 
 james was staring out a window , seeming to ignore albert 's lecture . 
 albert asked , `` so , why did you shoot remons ' guy with my gun last night ? '' 
 james smiled , again leaned back in his chair , and laughed . 
 `` oh , yeah ! 
 that 's a good one . 
 i did n't like him . 
 he always gave me the shit jobs to do . 
 always disrespecting me , and all . 
 he came by last night , probably wanted me to do something demeaning . 
 i had the gun in my hand . 
 and , i thought , ` what the hell ? ' 
 i dropped him . 
 bam ! '' 
 there was a pause . 
 james said nothing more . 
 albert said , `` that 's it ? 
 no provocation ? '' 
 `` yep , just like that . 
 bam ! '' 
 albert continued the questioning . 
 `` so , this morning ? 
 why were you running from remons ' goons ? '' 
 still smiling , james said , `` you 're funny , captain . 
 do n't you get it ? 
 i 'm one of remons ' goons , too . 
 it 's ironic , ai n't it ? '' 
 `` that 's disappointing , james . 
 you are a loser . 
 that 's what you are . '' 
 `` whoa there , captain . 
 no sense bein ' rude about it . '' 
 james continued , `` anyway , that was all an act , just for your benefit . 
 my job was to get on your ship . 
 find out what was on there . 
 sure , i was in trouble for capping that dude . 
 but it 's easy to fix bad things i do , just by doing something important for remons . '' 
 albert now understood . 
 `` so , it was just a ploy to get away from the dock , and let you snoop around ? 
 that 's it ? '' 
 `` sure , captain . 
 i did n't know you would end up taking me out for a day at sea . 
 or , that we would be chasing down the owner . '' 
 `` so earlier today , why were you holding my gun on the bridge ? 
 i almost jumped you . '' 
 `` captain ? 
 come on ? 
 i had to have a little fun . 
 you should have seen the look on your face . 
 it was just like the look on eric 's face , last night . '' 
 `` eric ? '' 
 `` oh , sorry . 
 the dude i shot . 
 we 'd known each other for five years . 
 glad i do n't have to know him anymore . '' 
 lawrence looked at albert , saying , `` what are we doing ? 
 time is wasting . '' 
 chapter 45 remons was seated at bill shefford 's desk . 
 he was slowly rotating the chair in a circle . 
 just waiting . 
 waiting for the unknown caller to arrive . 
 the private numbered phone sat on the desk . 
 remons was holding the public numbered phone . 
 he pressed `` elizabeth '' on the speed dial list . 
 `` yes , mr. remons ? '' 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm at home , sir . 
 what can i help you with ? '' 
 `` we are sailing at six , tomorrow morning . 
 i want you back on the owner . '' 
 he heard her sighing . 
 that pissed him off . 
 `` elizabeth ! 
 do you like your job ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i 'm sorry sir . 
 i 'll be there . '' 
 `` you will only be there to work . 
 understand ? 
 i 'm getting bored with you , this weekend anyway . 
 get one of the girls from the service . '' 
 now , he could hear her voice perking up . 
 `` which one , sir ? '' 
 `` i do n't care , but not the ugly one from last time . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i 'll take care of it . '' 
 he hung up on elizabeth . 
 there were no final pleasantries . 
 it was rare for remons to close out a conversation properly . 
 that is , unless he was working to charm someone , for something . 
 remons returned to his slow spin of the chair . 
 waiting . 
 waiting . 
 he stood up and walked over to the board . 
 plant 37 and plant 114 were still red . 
 plant 37 read , ` all destroyer inventory is scrap . 
 world auto legally in control . ' 
 plant 114 read , ` labor unrest continuing . 
 remons rescue team in place . 
 recovery uncertain . ' 
 he went back to bill 's chair , sat down again , and continued spinning in circles . 
 remons picked up the public numbered phone . 
 he called bill shefford . 
 `` mr. remons ? '' 
 `` bill . 
 what 's happening ? 
 i need an update . '' 
 `` just a moment , mr. remons . '' 
 it was after midnight in michigan . 
 bill had just fallen asleep in his hotel . 
 earlier in the evening , he had called the crew of air two , telling them to get hotel rooms . 
 they were staying the night in michigan . 
 he subsequently went out , eating and drinking with malete and his lieutenants . 
 `` sir . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i was asleep . '' 
 `` hurry and wake up . 
 i do n't have all night . '' 
 `` sir , like i said earlier . 
 world auto has legal control of plant 37 . 
 i do n't have a solution . 
 i 'll work on malete tomorrow . 
 however , the president of world auto will be here . 
 i do n't know how much power malete will have , once the president arrives . '' 
 `` i do n't want excuses ! '' 
 `` no excuses , sir . 
 my strategy is amputation . 
 i 'm going to give them plant 37 . 
 no legal fights . 
 that will save them a ton of legal expense . '' 
 he continued , `` amputating plant 37 will , hopefully , be sufficient to save remons global . '' 
 remons said , `` just do it . 
 do not fail me ! '' 
 then , he hung up on bill . 
 bill 's phone read call ended . 
 he shrugged his shoulders and went back to bed . 
 sunday in michigan was going to be tough . 
 he needed plenty of rest , in order to negotiate clear-headed with world auto 's president . 
 remons returned to spinning . 
 slowly , he rotated the chair . 
 he watched the second hand on the wall clock , and attempted a game of slowing the rotation of the chair to one revolution every seven seconds . 
 suddenly , he exploded . 
 standing up , he picked up the chair and tossed it through the windows overlooking the factory . 
 he watched the chair , as it slammed into the ground nearly one hundred feet below . 
 fortunately , no one was nearby . 
 there were no injuries . 
 remons screamed , `` where are you ? 
 you son of a bitch ! 
 who the hell are you ? 
 i 'm karl remons ! 
 not some stooge ! '' 
 he was pacing around the office , ranting , with no one there to listen . 
 his private numbered phone began to vibrate on the desk . 
 remons ran to it and answered it quickly . 
 `` what ! '' 
 `` mr. remons , there is no need for so much rage . '' 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to be late . '' 
 `` who the fuck do you think you are ? '' 
 `` mr. remons , '' the voice said calmly . 
 `` you could have hurt someone with that chair . '' 
 remons panicked . 
 he looked all around the room . 
 he glanced at the ceiling . 
 there were windows everywhere . 
 this person could be anywhere . 
 anywhere ready to shoot him , assuming the guy had a gun . 
 how did he get through security ? 
 `` where are you at ? '' 
 remons said quietly . 
 `` i told you already . 
 i will be late . 
 it will be past your bedtime . 
 we should plan to meet tomorrow . '' 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 `` stop yelling , mr. remons . 
 it 's not acceptable to us . '' 
 `` us ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 `` we can meet tomorrow at noon . 
 on the owner . '' 
 remons was trying to take control . 
 `` not tomorrow . 
 i 'm out of town . 
 on the owner . '' 
 `` no , mr. remons . 
 you are not sailing in the morning at 6:00 am . 
 you will keep the owner at the dock . 
 is that understood ? '' 
 `` i will not -- '' `` mr. remons . 
 do not test our patience . 
 it will not be in your favor . '' 
 `` i must leave -- '' `` mr. remons , i know about your illegal offshore business activities . 
 you will not be doing business tomorrow . '' 
 `` my business is my business . 
 i 'll do what i want ! '' 
 remons public numbered phone was buzzing . 
 `` please look at the pictures that just arrived on your other mobile phone . '' 
 remons went pale . 
 who were these people ? 
 he picked up the phone in his other hand . 
 there were three pictures in the text message folder . 
 he scrolled through each picture slowly , falling to the carpeted floor as he studied them . 
 the voice said , `` recognize anything ? '' 
 remons tried bluffing . 
 `` i do n't know what these pictures have to do with me . 
 what are they ? '' 
 `` mr. remons . 
 do n't be shy . 
 take your credit for a job well done . '' 
 still bluffing , he said , `` ca n't help you . 
 do n't know what i 'm looking at . '' 
 `` the remaining parts of the bomb you used in 1996 -- when you killed your partners . 
 remember ? 
 it seems the pictures were collecting dust in the ntsb files . 
 do you remember a man named paul douglas ? 
 mr. douglas died a few years back . 
 his widow found a large box full of papers . 
 unfortunately for you , mr. douglas kept the evidence . 
 he did not destroy it . '' 
 then the caller asked a rhetorical question . 
 `` is it ethical to request a refund for a bribe ? '' 
 remons was silent . 
 he was now lying on his back and staring at the ceiling . 
 everything the caller said was true . 
 paul douglas was the lead investigator for the crash . 
 he had himself assigned to the crash -- almost before it even happened . 
 he and remons had an arrangement . 
 the caller continued , `` so , i will reiterate . 
 no trips on the owner tomorrow . 
 if you want to process all of those illegal transactions , while sitting on united states soil , then knock yourself out . 
 probably not a good idea , though . '' 
 remons was silent . 
 `` mr. remons ? '' 
 `` i understand . 
 i will see you at noon tomorrow . 
 on the owner . '' 
 the phone went dead . 
 remons called elizabeth again . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` get the helicopter to plant 1 . 
 i want to go back to the owner . '' 
 `` he 's at the oakland airport , right now . 
 just finished refueling . 
 he can probably be there in ten minutes . '' 
 `` good . 
 tell him to hurry . 
 also , forget about the girl for in the morning . 
 and , i do n't need you on the ship , either . 
 we are n't sailing until later in the day . 
 probably leave in late afternoon . '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 elizabeth knew remons needed to get the owner out beyond the 24-mile line . 
 `` do n't question me ! '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 sorry , mr. remons . '' 
 `` call the executives . 
 tell them to stay in their offices all night . 
 they should await further instructions . 
 tentative departure time is 3:00 pm tomorrow . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` where 's the helicopter ? '' 
 `` sir , he texted a moment ago . 
 he should be landing in five minutes . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 we will talk tomorrow . '' 
 remons hung up the phone , not letting her say goodbye . 
 he picked up his phones and walked to the elevator . 
 he pressed the `` h '' button . 
 as the doors opened on the roof , he could see the helicopter approaching . 
 max completed the landing . 
 fortunately , for max anyway , remons opened his own door and climbed aboard . 
 remons pressed the intercom . 
 `` take me to the owner . 
 i 'm exhausted and turning in for the night . 
 you will be staying another night on the ship , just in case i need you . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' max replied , and turned off the intercom . 
 the helicopter lifted off and began to cross the bay . 
 remons had downed one full glass of bourbon , and half of a second glass , by the time they landed . 
 it had been less than ten minutes . 
 chapter 46 it was 9:47 pm , on the day after the first day of summer . 
 james was sitting in the corner on the hard wooden floor . 
 he was staring at the captain and his friend . 
 albert and lawrence were n't much more comfortable . 
 they were sitting in collapsible chairs ; the type carried over the shoulder to outdoor activities , like kid 's soccer games or a concert in the park . 
 lawrence said , `` let 's tie the kid up . 
 we can put him on teleport . 
 stick him in the garage with the tender . '' 
 `` i do n't like that idea . 
 he could get loose or make some noise . 
 besides , i do n't want him on my ship again . 
 he 's a weasel . 
 that 's my new rule . 
 no weasels allowed on teleport . '' 
 `` well , we ca n't involve those two women . 
 that elizabeth is something else . 
 what a bitch ! 
 her sister has no idea about the double life that crazy woman lives . '' 
 james sneered at them . 
 `` elizabeth is a good person . 
 you just have to know her . '' 
 albert kicked james ' shin . 
 `` that reminds me , james . 
 you knew elizabeth for the person she is . 
 yet , you hit on veronica and tell her nothing about her sister ? 
 you 're as bad as remons . '' 
 `` naw , captain . 
 nobody is as bad as remons . 
 i 've never said anything to veronica , just because it would make her feel bad . '' 
 lawrence was losing patience . 
 `` let 's just kill him . 
 no loose ends . '' 
 james ' eyes widened and his face turned white . 
 albert said nothing . 
 the three sat quietly , staring at each other . 
 in the distance , the trio heard a helicopter . 
 `` watch him close , '' albert said , walking out the door . 
 he kept walking down the pier until he could see the owner . 
 the helicopter was landing . 
 it was too far away to know if remons was onboard . 
 he went back in the gas dock store . 
 he closed the doors , and said , `` the helicopter is back . 
 i 'm not sure what remons is thinking , right now . '' 
 albert sat back down , and said , `` here 's my idea . 
 it 's time to head back to teleport . 
 we need to get some sleep . 
 as much as i do n't want james on my ship again , i even more so want some decent rest . 
 lawrence , you and i can take turns . 
 one sleeping and one watching the dumbass . '' 
 `` okay , let 's go , '' lawrence was in favor of sleep . 
 `` get up , dumbass . '' 
 it was dark outside . 
 the group made the trip to teleport , without any trouble . 
 once onboard , albert unlocked the starboard bridge door and led james down the forward companionway stairs . 
 there was a compression post on the end of the countertop separating the galley and the salon . 
 the post ran vertically , from a solid point underneath the floor up to the cabin 's ceiling . 
 albert removed a roll of duct tape from a galley cabinet . 
 he backed james against the compression post , pulling james ' arms around either side of it . 
 then he taped together the kid 's wrists . 
 james was now firmly tied to the post , with his hands behind his back . 
 `` gee , captain . 
 is this really necessary ? '' 
 albert ignored james . 
 he was through listening to him . 
 the dumbass was the enemy . 
 nothing else . 
 albert said to lawrence , `` you sleep first . 
 i 'll watch the ship , our prisoner , and the owner . 
 on your watch , wake me up immediately , if you see remons ' ship moving . '' 
 lawrence smiled at him , saying , `` really ? 
 you had to specifically tell me that ? '' 
 `` sorry . 
 i forget who i 'm dealing with . '' 
 `` hey , dumbass , '' lawrence said , looking at james . 
 `` you cause me any trouble and i 'll shoot you between the eyes . 
 i 'm not as particular as albert about this ship . '' 
 james stared , saying nothing . 
 albert said , `` you bloody up my ship , and you get to clean it up . 
 also , please shoot above the waterline . 
 no sense for teleport to spring a leak . '' 
 lawrence walked through the galley , along the forward passageway , and to an extra bunk in the forepeak . 
 he knew his way around teleport . 
 he helped build her . 
 his hands were responsible for most of the beautiful interior woodwork . 
 two minutes after his head touched the pillow , lawrence was snoring loudly . 
 albert climbed the forward companionway . 
 he checked the bridge doors , making sure they were fully latched . 
 he descended the stairs and returned to the salon . 
 albert sat in his own comfortable chair , putting up his feet . 
 he picked up an electronic tablet . 
 he tested the alarm systems -- everything was green . 
 then , he reviewed the images from each of the outside cameras . 
 he placed the tablet on a side table and picked up the semi-automatic gun . 
 he inspected the gun and stared intermittently at james . 
 finally , albert placed the gun across his chest , cradling it like a newborn baby . 
 james was sitting on the floor , hands still pulled behind his back . 
 he started moaning about the lack of comfort . 
 `` shut up , james . 
 i 'll shoot you myself , if you do n't shut up and go to sleep . '' 
 albert watched james , as his thoughts went to veronica and elizabeth . 
 he could not reconcile elizabeth 's strange behavior . 
 she seemed to be living two different lives . 
 he was unsure which person was the real elizabeth . 
 but , he knew that tomorrow , regardless of any uncertainty , he would have to decide . 
 he would have to pick a personality for her , and then he would have to respond accordingly . 
 chapter 47 it was 5:39 am , on the day after , the day after the first day of summer . 
 albert was awake , resting quietly in his comfortable bed aboard teleport . 
 his cabin door was open . 
 it faced the starboard side forward passageway , and the galley was partially in view . 
 lying on his back , he gazed out the large hatch , mounted on the ceiling above him in the cabin . 
 a few moments earlier , he had opened the hatch , allowing fresh morning breezes to flow in the cabin . 
 shards of daylight were beginning to show in the sky above his window . 
 this morning was albert 's third day in san francisco . 
 it was sunday , usually a day of rest . 
 but , not for albert , lawrence , or karl remons . 
 he breathed in deeply , exhaling slowly . 
 sitting up , albert flipped his legs out of the berth and stood up in his cabin . 
 albert designed teleport to fit his needs and his dimensions . 
 usually , sailing vessels place the owners ' cabin in the forward portion of the ship . 
 geometrically , the ship tapers toward the bow , resulting in most of these cabins featuring a slightly inconvenient and highly uncomfortable ceiling height . 
 the yacht owners learn all too late the discomforts of a short ceiling . 
 teleport was different . 
 albert had a clear vision for his cabin , having spent many years climbing in and out of the cramped bunks aboard paradise winds . 
 the lowest point of the cabin ceiling in his private cabin was six feet and eight inches from the cabin sole , or the floor of the room . 
 at six feet and one inches in height , albert had no difficulty standing and moving around the room . 
 he had solved the geometry problem , quite simply . 
 upon entering his cabin , there were two small steps , leading down to a modified cabin sole . 
 he designed the room with a lowered floor . 
 it was ten inches lower than the forward passageway , the other forward berth , and the head . 
 the only other room with lower subfloor was the hidden office - its floor was fourteen inches lower . 
 albert walked to the head . 
 the water temperature monitor indicated sixty degrees . 
 he griped quietly to himself for having forgot to turn on the water heater overnight . 
 it was an inconvenience , now . 
 more importantly , it had been inconsiderate to his friend , who probably wanted a hot shower . 
 he left the head , walked down the passageway , into the galley , and to the switch panel . 
 he turned on the water heater . 
 he also made a mental note -- add a secondary water heater switch nearer to the shower . 
 lawrence was lying on the built in combination sofa seat and pilot berth . 
 he was awake , but his eyes looked a little glazed as they stared at james . 
 the kid was still tied to the compression post . 
 he was slumped over and snoring . 
 albert simply waved at lawrence . 
 then , he returned to the head . 
 he washed his face with soap and cold water . 
 he brushed his teeth , and then tried combing his hair . 
 bad hair days did n't bother him much . 
 he massaged some shaving cream on his face , shaved it smooth , and rinsed again with cold water . 
 finished , at least for now , albert stepped out of the head , ducked back into his cabin to grab a baseball cap , and finally walked , for the second time , back to the galley and salon . 
 lawrence was sitting up now , rubbing his face . 
 `` morning . 
 get any sleep ? '' 
 `` some . 
 after you took over the watch at two , i probably laid there , with my mind racing , until nearly three . 
 i must have crashed hard , though . 
 did n't wake up ` til five thirty . '' 
 there was a half full pot of coffee remaining . 
 `` is that fresh ? 
 when did you make it ? '' 
 lawrence smiled . 
 albert 's quirks were well known to him . 
 he did not share albert 's obsession about fresh , good coffee . 
 `` i just poured some water through the old grounds ; the ones you left behind . '' 
 `` damn , lawrence ! 
 how can you drink that shit ? '' 
 `` do n't know . 
 i guess my manly taste buds are different than your sissified ones . '' 
 albert ignored his best friend 's smartass comment . 
 `` i 'm going over to veronica 's . 
 i will get us some fresh coffee . 
 anyway , i need to see if she will share any information about elizabeth , that crazy woman with the twin personality . '' 
 `` be careful . 
 you 've already been deceived by this flunky , '' he said , while pointing at the still snoring james . 
 albert sighed , `` point noted . 
 i 'll be back in a little while . 
 call if you need anything . '' 
 albert stood up , walked to the forward companionway , climbed the stairs , and stepped on the bridge . 
 he slowly scanned the area outside through the bridge windows . 
 all was quiet . 
 he reached for the starboard side door , but remembered he was missing the ruger sr9c . 
 back down the companionway stairs he went . 
 `` where 's my gun ? '' 
 lawrence was still sitting on the couch , trying to stay awake . 
 he reached behind and pulled the gun from a shelf near his head . 
 `` here you go . '' 
 albert looked at the semi-automatic rifle , lying quietly beside lawrence on the sofa . 
 `` please , please . 
 do n't blast a bunch of holes in the hull . 
 remember , that trigger is sensitive . 
 if you kill him , just pull the trigger one time . 
 please ? '' 
 lawrence smiled at him . 
 `` why are you worrying about me ? '' 
 albert had reason to worry . 
 in their youth , lawrence taught albert most everything about guns . 
 back then , it was not unusual for the pair to spend hours shooting . 
 they would go to a gun range occasionally . 
 most often , though , they went out to one of a dozen isolated farms near their michigan homes . 
 within five minutes of setting out the cans for targets , lawrence would have emptied hundreds of rounds . 
 he loved the sounds and feelings of rapidly fired guns . 
 albert said again , for reinforcement , `` just one shot . '' 
 lawrence smiled . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i wo n't destroy teleport while you 're gone . 
 now , go get your girlie coffee . '' 
 albert stuffed the pistol in his belt , pulling his jacket over the top . 
 he climbed the companionway stairs . 
 he stood quietly on the bridge , scanning the surroundings , again . 
 satisfied no immediate threats loomed , he unlocked the starboard bridge door , slid it open , stepped up on the deck , and slid the door closed behind him . 
 he set the locks . 
 then , he stepped down to the wooden dock . 
 the old , warped boards along the dock were damp ; the overnight temperatures allowing moisture in the air to have condensed on them . 
 albert walked along the dock and slowly made his way to the security gate . 
 he opened the gate , stepped through , and locked it closed behind him . 
 briskly , but very aware of his surroundings , he moved through the isolated area and quickly reached a more publicly traveled portion of the pier . 
 now out of the isolated shadows , he strolled confidently around the consumer focused shopping area . 
 he could see veronica brewing coffee for three additional early risers . 
 it was sunday . 
 he guessed it to be her slowest day of the week . 
 most people slept late , did n't work , and skipped the dad 's coffee & more routine for the day . 
 albert walked into the store . 
 it smelled heavenly . 
 `` you 're safe ! '' 
 she screamed , running from behind the counter , and leaving two customers waiting . 
 she hugged albert . 
 `` i was so worried about you . 
 i did n't sleep all night ! '' 
 `` i 'm doing fine . 
 uh ... your other customers appear a little upset ? '' 
 `` sorry , folks . 
 just a moment . '' 
 she looked back at albert . 
 `` you have to tell me everything . 
 i 'll bring you some coffee in a jiffy . '' 
 albert walked outside and took his seat ; the one at the same table from the previous two days . 
 he closely studied the owner . 
 the helicopter did n't appear to have moved overnight . 
 he guessed remons ' cabin to be the large wraparound windows along the aft section . 
 it was not yet fully daylight . 
 albert could tell the cabin was dark . 
 remons was probably still asleep . 
 around the upper deck , he noticed a couple of the guards slowly pacing the outer railing . 
 there were lights shining from the forward section of the ship on the deck below the upper deck . 
 he guessed this to be the galley and dining area ; for the crew , not remons . 
 he could occasionally see people walk past the window . 
 veronica set the coffee cup in front of him . 
 she hugged him again , this time around the neck . 
 it was awkward ; she was standing , and he was sitting . 
 then , she sat down , in the chair closest to him , scooted it closer , and forced her hip against his leg . 
 `` i 'm so glad they did n't harm you ! 
 it has been terrible thinking about the danger you were in . 
 how did you get away ? 
 what did they want with you ? '' 
 albert smiled , and said , `` slow down . 
 they just wanted to chat . 
 we talked for a few hours . 
 then remons let me go . 
 we came to a mutual understanding -- we do n't like each other . '' 
 `` did you know liz tried getting you off the ship ? '' 
 albert lied , `` no , i was n't aware of that . '' 
 then he drove the conversation a different direction . 
 `` how long has elizabeth worked for remons ? '' 
 `` oh , probably seven or eight years now , best i recall . 
 why ? '' 
 `` just curious . 
 remons appears to be a difficult man to work for . '' 
 `` albert , you do n't know the half of it . '' 
 she began whispering , as if remons had everything around them bugged . 
 she continued , `` elizabeth hates him . 
 he 's always making her work . 
 she does all kinds of horrible things for him . 
 did you know she has to coordinate all of his prostitutes ? 
 she says he always has one girl or another aboard the owner . '' 
 now albert was getting a clearer picture . 
 veronica was unaware that elizabeth was one of the prostitutes . 
 elizabeth did have two different lives : one with remons , and one with veronica . 
 `` so , why does n't she quit ? '' 
 `` it 's complicated . 
 that 's what she says , anyway . 
 she makes a bunch of money . 
 tons more than any other job would pay her . 
 i 've told her it is n't worth it . 
 sometimes , she agrees . 
 most of the time , though , she says remons is very jealous when people try to quit . 
 she says she is worried that the sorry bastard wo n't give her a good reference . 
 but , i know there is more to it . 
 she just wo n't tell me . '' 
 albert smiled sympathetically , for veronica , not elizabeth . 
 there was no way that veronica was bullshitting him . 
 she was clueless about just how deep her big sister was in it with remons . 
 elizabeth could only leave the job with remons in one direction . 
 it was down . 
 down beneath the soil . 
 in a box . 
 dead . 
 `` what are you two so quietly talking about ? '' 
 elizabeth had walked up behind albert and veronica . 
 `` albert 's safe ! '' 
 veronica said as she sprung from her seat to hug her sister . 
 then , she said , `` added to your good news , and we have a new weather forecast -- sunny skies with cotton ball clouds ! '' 
 elizabeth grinned at veronica . 
 a big , what-great-news kind of smile , almost like a newscaster commenting on some feel good story , while secretly wishing a plane would crash for some ` real news ' . 
 when veronica was n't looking , elizabeth smugly stared at albert . 
 looking at veronica , albert asked , `` how much coffee did you drink this morning ? '' 
 veronica laughed , `` just two cups , so far . 
 remember -- i love the mornings ! '' 
 elizabeth sat down at the table . 
 curious , albert asked , `` elizabeth , so , tell me . 
 what 's your good news ? '' 
 veronica excitedly answered . 
 `` she does n't have to sail on remons ' boat today . 
 is n't that great ? 
 anyway , i 'll get us all some more coffee . 
 be right back ! '' 
 albert kept his eyes on the owner , ignoring elizabeth 's glare . 
 `` you 're a top notch bitch . '' 
 `` fuck you , albert . 
 i do n't know how you are even here this morning . '' 
 `` smarter than you , apparently . 
 i was able to get out . 
 why are n't you on the boat ? 
 you are still trapped by that thug . '' 
 `` be quiet , '' she whispered . 
 `` do n't get me upset . 
 like i said before , leave veronica out of it . 
 remons is n't sailing today . 
 says he is staying in port . '' 
 `` i heard you are his cpc -- chief prostitute coordinator . 
 when he 's screwing you , do you get double time ? 
 since , technically you are working two jobs at the same time . '' 
 elizabeth leaned over , and said quietly , `` listen closely . 
 i do what i have to do . 
 it 's not your business . 
 it 's not veronica 's business , either . 
 i do my best to protect her from all the evils of this shitty world . '' 
 `` whatever you say , ms. cpc . '' 
 `` shut -- '' veronica was bouncing across the patio , three cups of coffee on the tray . 
 she sat down and passed around the drinks . 
 they sat in silence for a few minutes , each enjoying their coffee and thinking about different things . 
 veronica was leaning against albert . 
 albert was staring at the owner . 
 elizabeth was staring into her coffee cup . 
 albert finished his cup first . 
 `` girls , i have to get back to teleport . 
 it 's sunday . 
 i have a few ship chores to take care of . 
 everyone thinks owning a sailboat is glamorous . 
 truth is , it 's an endless list of housekeeping chores . '' 
 he continued , `` veronica , can i get a triple espresso mocha latte to go ? '' 
 `` sure ! 
 it 's on me . 
 i 'll be back in a sec . '' 
 she ran off to the service counter . 
 albert turned to elizabeth . 
 `` listen , things will eventually get ugly with remons . 
 you can straddle him all the way to prison , or you can climb down now and be part of the solution . 
 frankly , i do n't care . 
 however , veronica cares . 
 that 's what you need to think about . '' 
 `` you 're a dumbass . 
 remons is n't going anywhere . 
 he 's too powerful . '' 
 albert stood up and walked away , leaving elizabeth almost in mid sentence . 
 he met veronica coming out of the doors . 
 `` here you go . 
 you are n't leaving today , are you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm here today . 
 wo n't leave until at least tomorrow . '' 
 `` good . 
 see you soon ! '' 
 caffeine charged , she bounced back over to elizabeth 's table . 
 albert retraced his steps from earlier , particularly being alert in the more isolated areas near the guest docks . 
 when he reached teleport , he found the starboard side bridge door open . 
 momentarily , he panicked . 
 then , he saw lawrence . 
 `` where 's james ? '' 
 lawrence was sitting in the captain 's chair on the bridge . 
 `` he 's right here , '' lawrence said , pointing at his own feet . 
 `` i 'm using him for a footrest . 
 how do you drive this thing with the seat up so tall ? '' 
 albert climbed aboard teleport . 
 james was flat on the floor beneath lawrence . 
 his hands were now taped together in the front . 
 `` the kid was begging to go pee . 
 therefore , i untied him , retaped his hands in front , and hauled him up on the deck . 
 i figured you did n't want him pissing around in the head . 
 i made him go out here on the deck . '' 
 lawrence started laughing . 
 albert joined in ; he was n't sure why . 
 however , albert knew lawrence , and there was more to the story . 
 he was saving the punch line for last . 
 lawrence said , `` i told him not a drip was allowed on teleport ... '' his laughing was getting more out of control . 
 `` ... and , if he ignored my requirement and was sloppy , he would have to lick the deck clean . '' 
 they were both laughing . 
 james , the butt of the joke , was twisting around on the floor , underneath lawrence 's feet . 
 he said , `` you two are n't as funny as you think . 
 i think you are just dumb old guys . '' 
 `` shut up , james , '' albert said . 
 `` you are n't allowed to talk . 
 if you say anything else , i 'll make lawrence pee on the deck . 
 and then , i 'll make you lick that up . '' 
 lawrence laughed so hard he fell out of the chair . 
 when he stood up , albert handed him the coffee . 
 `` i brought you a piping hot cup of black coffee . '' 
 lawrence took a big sip from the paper cup , and promptly yelled at albert , `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 `` it 's a girlie drink . 
 i did n't get around to drinking it . 
 figured you would like it . '' 
 lawrence laughed at him . 
 `` fine , i 'll drink it . 
 what 's the plan ? 
 any ideas from veronica ? '' 
 `` no , she 's clueless . 
 dumbass here , '' he said pointing at james , `` and that witch elizabeth , they have veronica completely in the dark . '' 
 `` albert , we ca n't drag james around with us all day -- '' `` i know . 
 we have to put him in the aft garage . 
 i do n't want to , but ca n't think of anything else . 
 except for your idea to kill him . 
 let 's tie him up , both feet and hands , with tape over his mouth . 
 we 'll put him down inside the tender . 
 in addition , we have to tie his feet and arms down to the inflatable boat 's floor . 
 that way , he ca n't kick the hull of teleport and make noise . '' 
 `` good idea , albert . 
 if he decides to piss in there , he 'll be rolling around in it , but nothing will get messy . 
 except for him . '' 
 `` okay , it 's agreed . '' 
 chapter 48 remons was asleep in the king sized bed , in his spacious aft suite aboard the owner , overlooking san francisco bay . 
 `` sir , please wake up . '' 
 one of the attendants was near his bedside , speaking softly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 remons blearily responded . 
 `` sir , it 's mr. shefford for you . 
 on the ship 's phone . '' 
 `` get me some coffee , '' remons sat up in the bed . 
 the attendant fluffed and repositioned the pillows . 
 `` which line ? '' 
 `` two , sir . 
 here 's your coffee . '' 
 the attendant backed out of the room , closing the doors behind him . 
 remons depressed the speakerphone button and pressed line 2 . 
 he took a sip from the coffee cup . 
 `` bill , you know it 's too early to be calling me . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 it 's urgent . 
 remember , i 'm in michigan . 
 it 's nearly 10:00 am over here . '' 
 `` i know . 
 what 's the update ? '' 
 `` world auto 's president , vol santana , arrived this morning . 
 we are in trouble . '' 
 remons sighed deeply . 
 bill continued , `` anyway , santana is after the company . 
 he is n't going to take just the automotive division . 
 he 's going after all of the divisions . 
 if we do n't fix this by monday morning , it 's all over . '' 
 `` what are our attorneys saying ? 
 is there anything in the restrictive agreements ? 
 any loopholes or delay tactics ? '' 
 `` mr. remons , i have the legal teams working on it , both automotive and group lawyers . 
 they 're drawing a blank . 
 we knew the risks when we signed the agreement . 
 it 's incredible to think the nastiest clauses in our contract are being activated by world auto . '' 
 `` bill , stop talking to me like a child . 
 i know this is ugly . 
 you do n't have to spell it out . '' 
 `` you are coming to michigan this morning , correct ? 
 i have the flight crew for air one waiting at the airport for you , now . '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 we have a lot of shit happening in california . 
 if i do n't get this fixed here , world auto wo n't have anything to take away from remons global . 
 it will have already been snatched by the international people . '' 
 bill knew what remons was saying . 
 he could n't elaborate any deeper . 
 it would be stupid for bill to ask questions over the telephone . 
 `` you are the boss , sir . 
 i will stay here in michigan and tackle this problem with the most possible effort . '' 
 remons said , `` i have to go . 
 do n't let me down . 
 you know the consequences for you personally . 
 i have no losers on my team . 
 we both know where losers belong . '' 
 bill started to say something , but noticed remons had disconnected the call . 
 he walked out of zanyer 's old office and headed for the executive conference room - world auto 's first outpost in their new empire . 
 the doors were open . 
 it was sunday . 
 the only people around were the world auto army , and current remons global employees -- mike , ed , ted , and jonna . 
 `` what time will remons ' plane land ? '' 
 bill glanced across the room . 
 the question had originated from santana . 
 `` he 's been detained unexpectedly in california , mr. santana . '' 
 santana rose to his feet . 
 `` detained had better mean he was arrested last night for a dui and has n't been released from jail ! '' 
 `` sir , please sit down . '' 
 santana returned to his seat . 
 seated on his left was malete . 
 with the world auto army now flanked around them , their total number was a blackjack ; a perfect 21 . 
 bill sat down , saying , `` mr. santana , mr. malete . 
 karl remons has been detained on other matters related to remons global . 
 i have been fully authorized by mr. remons , as the second highest-ranking officer in this company , to negotiate an acceptable solution between our companies . 
 any agreement reached with me today will be fully enforceable in any court of law . '' 
 santana seemed to relax , just slightly . 
 he also seemed to smile . 
 bill imagined the thoughts now running around in santana 's head . 
 probably thoughts of bulldozing over bill quickly , then stealing away the entirety of remons global . 
 bill was n't stupid , though . 
 he knew how to fight . 
 he had plenty of tricks - different tricks up different sleeves . 
 there was no way he would hand remons global to world auto , ever . 
 if necessary , he would die fighting this battle . 
 ----- in california , max was on the deck of the owner . 
 he was strolling around the sikorsky , admiring the beauty of her airframe . 
 she was an elegant and powerful machine ; the best aircraft max had ever flown . 
 he had been with her for six months now , defying the odds for a helicopter pilot in remons global . 
 max was committed to the relationship with the sikorsky . 
 he could not give her up , ever . 
 he would tolerate whatever crap dealt to him by remons , or anyone else for that matter . 
 he and the sikorsky were inseparable . 
 max walked to the railing , along the upper deck and facing pier marina . 
 he could see dad 's coffee & more . 
 he noticed elizabeth talking to veronica . 
 secretly , he hoped elizabeth was returning to the ship today . 
 most of the time , she was nice to him , and he enjoyed working with her . 
 he knew there was a decent person buried deep inside her . 
 she was a victim of remons and his wrath . 
 max could see the mast of albert pabek 's ship , standing above all the other vessels in the guest slips of pier marina . 
 he wondered if the ship was leaving today . 
 he also wondered if his ship , the sikorsky , or remons ' ship , the owner , was leaving today . 
 the last he had heard , remons wanted to sail at 6:00 am . 
 that time had long since passed , and he knew enough to know remons was never late on any of his plans . 
 something had changed . 
 max just did n't know what . 
 remons was sitting in his suite , also looking at dad 's coffee & more , elizabeth , and veronica . 
 he knew what had changed . 
 he knew why they were n't sailing today at 6:00 am , or at 12:00 pm . 
 they may not be able to sail at all today . 
 remons shuddered at the thought . 
 he was facing two mortalities : remons global and karl remons . 
 suddenly , another piece of expensive drink ware flew across the room and shattered on the other side of the suite . 
 `` fuck all of you ! 
 i 'm karl remons ! '' 
 chapter 49 it was 7:03 am , on the day after , the day after the first day of summer . 
 albert and lawrence had rid themselves of james , at least for a few hours . 
 james was tucked away in the aft garage on teleport . 
 james was n't leaving anytime soon ; his hands and feet were bound , his mouth was taped , and his body was strapped down to the floor of the rib . 
 the childhood friends were walking slowly along the embarcadero , in search of breakfast and plotting the day 's strategy . 
 lawrence said , `` how about this place ? '' 
 albert looked over . 
 the restaurant was the kind open twenty fours every day , serving any meal desired at any time of day . 
 every conceivable comfort food dish would probably be listed on the menu . 
 `` sure . 
 are you still on that high starch , high fat diet ; the one that will kill you soon ? '' 
 lawrence slapped him on the back , `` albert , my health focused friend , you know i am . 
 why change now ? '' 
 they walked into the restaurant . 
 the air was heavy with the smell of burned grease and other artery-clogging odors . 
 like all law-abiding establishments in san francisco , the restaurant did not permit smoking . 
 the smoking ban had been in place for several years , yet the restaurant still reeked with the smell of stale cigarettes . 
 the hostess advised there would be a few minutes wait for a table . 
 albert was lost in his thoughts about human behavior and cigarette smoking . 
 he imagined a time in the future , maybe five hundred or a thousand years , long after the restaurant building was buried or destroyed in a natural disaster . 
 he thought of archaeologists discovering the ruins and spending thousands of hours analyzing the remains . 
 the scientists would draw extraordinary conclusions about the heavy concentration of tar and nicotine , interlaced with animal fats and other meat byproducts . 
 they might say it was some type of secret research lab , studying the effects of carcinogens on diseased animals , they themselves ravaged by some other unknown cause . 
 lawrence said , `` she said our table is ready . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 i was daydreaming . 
 let 's eat . '' 
 the two sat in a booth , facing each other . 
 they both ordered coffee . 
 albert asked , `` so , what 's it going to be ? 
 the ` i ca n't pick -- bring it all ' ? '' 
 `` you know me too well . 
 that 's my choice . '' 
 the waitress arrived with the two cups of coffee , a carafe full of more coffee , and two glasses of water . 
 `` you gentlemen ready to order ? '' 
 her nametag read rosa . 
 `` yes , we are , '' albert , said . 
 `` i would like two eggs , over hard , sourdough toast , with sliced tomatoes . '' 
 `` anything else , sir ? '' 
 `` no , that 's all . 
 my friend here has a bigger order for you . '' 
 the waitress looked at lawrence . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` rosa , i would like the ` i ca n't pick ' , please . 
 allow me to explain why i am so hungry . 
 my friend here invited me to town . 
 i arrived yesterday evening . 
 he did not pick me up at the airport . 
 then , he abandoned me for several hours , for what , i still do n't exactly know . 
 i was left to my own devices , having to choose my dinner alone , the options available being either a frozen burrito or a frozen hamburger . 
 so as you may now understand , i am most queasy and malnourished . '' 
 rosa looked at lawrence sympathetically . 
 then she turned to albert . 
 `` that was rude . 
 is his story true ? '' 
 albert smiled at lawrence , and then looked at rosa . 
 `` his story is true . 
 i must be a terrible host . 
 guess i have to pay , huh ? '' 
 rosa laughed a little . 
 `` i should say so . 
 you are the host . 
 i will get your orders in now . 
 it should n't be too long . '' 
 the waitress left . 
 albert and lawrence laughed a little and sipped their coffee . 
 `` seriously , albert . 
 what are we doing today ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , yet . 
 elizabeth did confirm remons is n't leaving the marina . 
 says he will be on the owner all day , though . '' 
 `` do you believe her ? '' 
 `` yes , she was n't trying to deceive me . 
 it just slipped out , after i called her a bitch . '' 
 `` wow . 
 way to make friends . '' 
 `` we can talk our way back on to the owner , then -- '' `` here 's breakfast , boys . 
 for you mr. healthy poor host , i give you this small plate of food . 
 and for you , mr. i wish i had a better friend , i serve you these three plates of heaping goodness . '' 
 `` anything else i can get for you ? '' 
 lawrence replied , `` no , thank you . 
 this looks fantastic . '' 
 the waitress left . 
 `` so , you get back on the ship . 
 then what are you going to do ? 
 his patience will run out at some point . 
 you know the guy is n't rational . 
 then you end up dead . 
 what good is that ? '' 
 `` i think we can manage him . 
 last night , at plant 1 , i pushed him really hard . 
 i told him i knew about the international money laundering operations . 
 he was trying hard to push the harbor explosion on me . 
 i finally convinced him it was n't me . 
 that scared him even more . '' 
 lawrence was laughing . 
 `` albert , you have n't even told me yet . 
 did you get any video ? 
 that must have been amazing to watch . '' 
 albert laughed . 
 `` it was fun to watch . 
 remember , james was onboard teleport , too . 
 i did n't get to enjoy it too much . 
 i had to be as shocked as james . 
 between you and me though , that boat shook like a rowboat on lake erie in a big winter blow . 
 it was hilarious . '' 
 they quieted down , just a little . 
 people were beginning to look suspiciously at them . 
 albert continued thinking through his idea . 
 he finished eating , and then sat patiently as lawrence finished off his three large plates . 
 they each poured a fresh cup of coffee , and the discussion continued . 
 albert said , `` here 's what i want to do . 
 you are coming aboard the owner with me . 
 i think we can pull this off . 
 if it works , there 's no way remons is moving the owner offshore tonight . 
 we just need to get through one more night . '' 
 lawrence stared into his coffee cup . 
 `` if we are both on the owner , we no longer have redundancy . '' 
 `` it 's worth the risk . 
 i 'm reasonably sure i have remons pegged . '' 
 `` buddy , if anyone can peg remons , it 's you . '' 
 chapter 50 vol santana , doug malete , and bill shefford were alone in the office previously belonging to phillip zanyer , sitting in three comfortable chairs , facing each other around a small coffee table . 
 they had left the other team members in the world auto war room . 
 it was a bright , sunny sunday morning outside . 
 inside , it was hot , semi-dark , and felt like a human pressure cooker , at least to bill anyway . 
 `` bill , we are getting nowhere , '' malete was pleading for a concession . 
 `` mr. malete , '' bill said , `` i am negotiating in good faith . 
 your points , and those of mr. santana , are understandable . 
 but , you must realize it is inconceivable for world auto to believe we will simply hand you the keys to remons global . '' 
 santana jumped in . 
 `` by tomorrow morning , i will have three federal courts issuing injunctions . 
 i want you to think . 
 rationally . 
 there is a preponderance of evidence favoring our position . 
 remons global is in breech , on multiple levels , of the purchase contracts with us . 
 remons global will be unable to cure the breech within the contract terms . 
 it 's very simple , really . '' 
 malete piled on . 
 `` you already have a new position secured with us . 
 so does mike . 
 we need strong leaders like both of you in our operations . 
 it will be much easier for us to absorb remons global with your help . 
 why fight it ? 
 this is over . '' 
 `` gentlemen , i hear your position . 
 let 's think strategically . 
 karl remons will not go down without a fight . 
 you may get control of remons global , temporarily at least . 
 but , remons will fight , until his death , to prevent the acquisition from fully being realized . '' 
 santana said , `` do n't do this . 
 you want to be on the winning team . 
 right ? 
 you and i both know what is stipulated in those contracts . 
 we have past precedent on our side . 
 the contracts are fully enforceable . 
 remons global wo n't be the first to fail and be absorbed by world auto . 
 it wo n't be the last , either . '' 
 `` yes , '' bill said with irritation , `` i know what the documents say . 
 however , you know that , pragmatically speaking , the united states court system will drag this out for years . 
 you can not reasonably think that , tomorrow morning , a group of judges will hand over remons global , a company more than two times the size of world auto . 
 over what ? 
 a roof section for the destroyer ? 
 how many months of inventory are sitting on dealer lots . 
 seventy-five days ? 
 eighty days ? '' 
 malete knew where bill was headed . 
 `` listen . 
 you guys can try that position . 
 what if we do have two or three months of destroyer inventory ? 
 sure , we can afford a few days on the production side , without jeopardizing a shortage in the sales pipeline . 
 we still are able to show two things : remons global is in breech , and world auto will lose millions to billions on the production side . '' 
 he kept going , `` the plant can not sit idle . 
 it will destroy our profitability for the year . 
 look at the human side , too . 
 we have 3,000 employees . 
 they are now on furlough . 
 they have been told not to report all week . 
 just think how the media will be reacting to this ? 
 remons global is the cause of 3,000 people losing their jobs for the week . 
 remons global already has a shitty reputation with the public . 
 this will be a media slaughter event . '' 
 bill shefford was cornered . 
 he had been cornered since friday night . 
 he had stalled the world auto assault for two days , always anticipating karl remons to arrive , like a giant , fire breathing flying dragon , his flames quickly toasting all adversaries and his actions quickly returning remons global to business-as-usual . 
 it was n't happening this time . 
 `` gentlemen , i appreciate your candor and professional approach to this situation . 
 my team is doing all things possible to get the plant in production today . 
 it is highly unlikely this will occur . 
 the mechanical room has been destroyed , and we have no means of moving the equipment and tooling . '' 
 he was beginning to sound like a college football coach giving a last minute pep talk . 
 `` however , we will do our best . 
 our team will fight to get the press operational , until you walk in here with a federal court order , kicking us out . 
 i can not ... i will not sign over remons global to you , as long as we have one more second to fight . '' 
 santana said , `` bill , i appreciate your tenacity and loyalty . 
 you will be an important part of my team at world auto . 
 that is , tomorrow morning , when the buzzer sounds and the scoreboard shows a loss for remons global . '' 
 they all stood up . 
 malete looked at santana . 
 santana nodded to him . 
 malete said , `` bill , the world auto team is leaving plant 37 , but just for a few hours . 
 it 's sunday . 
 we are going out for a long lunch . 
 then , a few hours rest at the hotels . 
 we will give you some uninterrupted time with your team . '' 
 `` thank you , mr. malete . '' 
 santana closed the conversation . 
 `` we will be back at 6:00 pm . 
 there 's a lot to accomplish tonight . 
 our merger and acquisition attorneys will arrive from new york this afternoon . 
 they will be here tonight , also . 
 for efficiencies ' sake , please get your attorneys here today . '' 
 bill sighed and gazed out a nearby window . 
 `` i hope it becomes unnecessary - the attorneys . 
 however , i will have them brought in for tonight 's discussions . '' 
 santana smiled at bill , like a mother smiles at a child about to watch his pet put down . 
 they walked out of the room , leaving bill to prepare his last efforts to save remons global . 
 bill left the office and headed for the production floor . 
 plant 37 was like most manufacturing facilities around the world . 
 there were two distinct sections to the building . 
 the facility was like fraternal twin children , conjoined at the chest and sharing a single heart . 
 it was an inoperable condition . 
 one of the twins was the white collar , offices portion of the building , along with its white-collar staff of mostly educated , upwardly mobile focused employees . 
 this group included many disciplines , like design engineering , purchasing , supply chain , accounting , finance , sales , human resources , manufacturing engineering , marketing , quality assurance , and information systems . 
 some of the employees in the white-collar group originated from the blue-collar group , or shop floor . 
 most , though , followed the traditional career path : high school graduation , to college graduation , to cubicle worker with specialty , and hopefully to manager , with an office , managing cubicle workers with specialties . 
 the other of the twins was the blue-collar , manufacturing portion of the building , along with its blue-collar staff of factory workers , mostly focused on earning a living wage to support their families . 
 this included groups of employees , like production , maintenance , quality control , shipping , receiving , inventory control , and facilities . 
 the twins needed each other . 
 however , for the most part , few of the blue-collar associated with the white-collar , and vice-versa , on a personal level . 
 bill stepped into the transitioning foyer , the umbilical linking the two conjoined twins . 
 the foyer was expansive and impressive . 
 it was a stark contrast to the low ceilings and muted tones of the office building . 
 the walls towered more than twenty feet in the air , reaching the manufacturing building roofline . 
 plastered around the room were charts and graphs , impressive and intimidating at the same time . 
 there were slogans about ` teamwork ' and ` all for one , one for all ' and ` total quality management ' and ` perfect quality is the only option ' . 
 another wall had pictures of smiling factory workers , with signs reading ` kaizen challenge winners ' or ` no lost time accidents in 2012 ' . 
 there was a large , wooden framed , and incased in glass , bird 's eye drawing of the plant , showing at a high level the different production areas in the facility . 
 the white-collar staff members , just like all other remons global plants , argued the impressive foyer was a motivator for the blue-collar staff . 
 they argued it made them proud of plant 37 and their individual efforts . 
 the blue-collar staff members , however , had a different outlook . 
 the expensive , impressive foyer served two purposes only : impress customers with bullshit , and enforce the separation between the office and the plant . 
 bill knew the blue-collar staff was correct . 
 he passed through the foyer and out the double glass doors into the factory . 
 plant 37 was a stamping plant , producing all types of complicated steel fabrications for all of the major car manufacturers . 
 the plant was one of the largest in the remons global portfolio , both in terms of revenue and square footage . 
 at over one million square feet , most plant management activities necessitated travel in an electric golf cart . 
 otherwise , the managers spent the day running from hot issue to hot issue , rather than resolving the problems . 
 bill wandered on foot around the manufacturing floor . 
 as he turned on one of the main aisles , he noticed mike in the distance . 
 he yelled and waved at him . 
 they both walked toward each other , finally closing the gap that separated them . 
 mike asked , `` where 's your shadow ? '' 
 he was referring to malete and santana . 
 `` they left , along with the other members of the world auto army . 
 we are finished and they know it . 
 they said they were giving us some space to work on finding a miracle solution . 
 i think they are headed to a golf course . 
 probably spend the day golfing on our dime and laughing about their newest acquisition , remons global . '' 
 bill was rubbing his head and staring at the floor . 
 mike said , `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' bill said . 
 `` do n't worry , i heard they offered you a job . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` yeah , santana offered me one , too . 
 that does n't change anything . 
 we are obligated to fight for remons global , regardless of what we know the outcome will be . 
 agreed ? '' 
 `` yes , i agree . '' 
 `` so , what 's the update from your guys on the mechanical systems ? '' 
 `` not much progress , yet . 
 we have located a couple of boilers capable of supporting the plant . 
 they are half dismantled and rusting in a derelict plant up in flint . 
 it 's owned by one of the private equity groups . 
 they are ready to sell it , for a ridiculous price , knowing how bad we need the boilers . '' 
 `` buy them . 
 when can you get the units loaded and brought over here ? '' 
 `` i already have the purchasing guys working on the final agreement . 
 the private equity group is selling the boilers as-is . 
 we have to sign waivers stating the boilers ' conditions are unknown and should be assumed as unsafe for operation . '' 
 `` normal . 
 why should they stick their legal necks out for us ? '' 
 `` anyway , we have the riggers in route to flint . 
 i 'll probably have the units down here late tomorrow afternoon . '' 
 `` really ? 
 that sounds promising . '' 
 `` it 's not . 
 the units will have to be reassembled . 
 utilities will have to be connected . 
 then testing begins . 
 the city and state authorities have to sign off , before we even begin pressure testing . '' 
 `` how long will it take ? 
 where are you putting them ? '' 
 `` we 've confiscated a section of the east warehouse . 
 the inventory has been moved and the pallet racks have been repositioned to form a fence around our new , temporary mechanical room . 
 the men are welding steel plate to the pallet racks . 
 they are also punching holes in the exterior building walls , fabricating primary and secondary exits . 
 we need all of this for osha and the local authorities to sign off . '' 
 `` good work . 
 you 're making nice progress . 
 now answer my question . '' 
 `` it will be at least a week . 
 probably should n't plan on operations starting until a week from tomorrow . '' 
 `` damn ! 
 how are the other systems - electrical , water , pneumatics and hydraulics ? '' 
 `` bill , they are all underway . 
 the pacing item is steam . 
 we have to have the boilers . 
 let 's get some coffee and some lunch . 
 i 'll fill you in as we eat . 
 i 'm exhausted . 
 i need food and i need coffee . '' 
 `` i have to call remons , too . 
 you can help me tighten all this information down to a single sentence . 
 that seems to be his attention span . '' 
 chapter 51 it was 8:59 am , on the day after , the day after the first day of summer . 
 albert and lawrence were sitting on the dock by teleport , with their legs dangling above the water . 
 lawrence said , `` so , you know this is crazy . 
 right ? '' 
 albert said , `` sure . 
 of course i do . 
 but we will make it work . '' 
 `` no guns ? '' 
 `` i 'm telling you , again , '' albert feigned pushing lawrence in the cold , marina waters , `` no ! 
 no guns . 
 let 's get out of here . 
 i checked on james while you were in the head . 
 he 's uncomfortable , but he 's not dying . '' 
 albert stood up on the dock and stepped aboard teleport . 
 he was closing the sliding starboard bridge door and preparing to lock it . 
 `` hang on . '' 
 lawrence stood up , pulled a gun from his belt , and pointed it at albert . 
 the barrel of the gun was pointing at lawrence . 
 `` put this away , before you lock up . '' 
 it was one of the pistols from the bridge doors . 
 albert shot a dismayed look at lawrence , like a schoolteacher having just caught a student carving his initials in a desk . 
 `` really , lawrence ? 
 you are way too hell bent on killing one of them . 
 there 's no winning that war . 
 we are fighting the bully , differently . 
 you know the smarts will win over the brawn . 
 let 's do it the right way . '' 
 lawrence shrugged . 
 `` old habits die hard . 
 nothing like the feeling of a well placed rib punch in the bully 's side . 
 you know that ! '' 
 albert put the gun back in its holster , closed the bridge door , locked it , and verified all systems were green on his smartphone . 
 he stepped off the deck and back onto the dock . 
 `` let 's rodeo , cowboy ! 
 we have a bully to outsmart . '' 
 the pair walked away from teleport and toward the security gate . 
 as they approached , albert slowed and cautiously studied the surroundings . 
 satisfied , they passed through the gate and double-checked that it locked . 
 in theory , the only individuals who gained entrance to dock 14 were the guest tenants . 
 each had an access code that they keyed into a keypad on the door . 
 without a code , unauthorized individuals could not access the dock . 
 the theory was sorely flawed . 
 the gate was n't much more than a line painted on the ground stating , `` do not trespass . '' 
 anyone could get on dock 14 , if they wanted to . 
 climbing the fence , swimming around the gate , or floating up on a boat were all easy options . 
 albert and lawrence walked through the pier marina retail establishments , making their way to veronica 's place . 
 fortunately , they could see elizabeth was no longer hanging around . 
 she was probably off doing remons ' bidding , arranging fine wines , prostitutes or some other dire task . 
 veronica was cleaning the outside tables . 
 she saw the pair and waved heartily . 
 `` hi guys ! 
 want some coffee or a sandwich ? '' 
 albert responded for them , `` no . 
 we had a big breakfast . '' 
 he changed the subject , `` listen , we are headed over to the owner -- '' `` what ? '' 
 veronica interrupted . 
 `` there 's some unfinished business between remons and me . 
 try not to worry . 
 i 'm only telling you this for one reason . 
 i need your mobile phone number . '' 
 `` sure , give me your phone . '' 
 veronica keyed her number into his contacts file . 
 albert promptly pressed the contact and veronica 's phone rang . 
 he hung up before she answered it . 
 `` now you have my number . 
 here 's the favor . 
 if you have n't heard from me by 9 pm tonight , then call this number . '' 
 albert handed her a card with a different phone number on it . 
 `` what do i tell them ? 
 is it the police ? '' 
 `` no , it 's not the police . 
 tell them i gave you this number . 
 tell them i am aboard the owner and need help . 
 then hang up . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 but i do n't think it 's a good idea for you to go back there . '' 
 then she whispered , `` he may kill you . 
 you do understand that . 
 right ? '' 
 `` it 's the chance i have to take . 
 besides , lawrence has my back . '' 
 albert smiled , trying to make light of the situation . 
 `` it 's time , albert , '' lawrence was ready . 
 veronica kissed albert . 
 `` please do n't get killed . 
 i have n't seen the inside of teleport , yet . '' 
 albert and lawrence left veronica , walked south through the shops along the pier , turned left along the embarcadero , and finally made a left onto the private pier of the owner . 
 a couple of the guards stood on the dock , smiling as albert and lawrence approached . 
 one of the guards said , `` glutton for punishment ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 `` tell remons i want to talk with him . '' 
 `` go away , mr. pabek . 
 take your friend with you . '' 
 `` tell remons i have the new owner with me . 
 he wants to talk with remons . 
 believe me , remons will want to see us . '' 
 one of the guards walked up the gangway and disappeared into the ship . 
 aboard the owner , he talked quietly with another guard . 
 the guard climbed the forward stairs and stepped on the upper deck . 
 remons was sitting in his chair , drinking coffee , and reading some business trade journal . 
 `` mr. remons , sir . '' 
 `` what is it ? 
 do n't you have eyes ? 
 i 'm busy . '' 
 `` sir , it 's mr. pabek . 
 he 's back . '' 
 remons ' face turned red . 
 `` tell that asshole to go away , or i 'll personally kill him ! 
 i 've had enough of his petty nonsense ! '' 
 `` sir , he 's not alone . 
 there 's someone with him . '' 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 `` we do n't know , sir . 
 our people are working on it . 
 no answer yet . '' 
 `` tell him , and his unknown friend , to go away . '' 
 `` sir , he insists on seeing you . 
 sir ... he says the man with him is the new owner . '' 
 remons turned pale . 
 he tipped the coffee cup , inadvertently spilling its contents in his lap . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 remons leapt out of the seat . 
 one of the attendants ran over and cleaned up the mess . 
 `` strip search both of them ! 
 bring them up here , now ! '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 the guard ran down the forward stairs and back to the gangway . 
 he whispered to his fellow goon . 
 the goon came back down the gangway . 
 he said , `` mr. remons will see you , and your friend . 
 go aboard , and lose all your clothes . 
 we 've been ordered to strip search . '' 
 albert and lawrence climbed the gangway and stepped into the shadows beyond the doorway . 
 they removed all of their clothing . 
 the guards inspected everything and took nothing . 
 once redressed , they were led to the forward staircase . 
 two guards , albert and lawrence walked through the ship , climbed the stairs , and emerged on the upper deck . 
 they walked over to remons ' sitting area . 
 `` sit down . '' 
 albert and lawrence sat down . 
 the two guards stood behind them , close enough to efficiently snap their necks , were they to try something stupid . 
 or , if remons ordered the execution . 
 remons looked at the guards . 
 `` go away . 
 i do n't want you two in earshot of this conversation . 
 but stay close enough to react . '' 
 the guards walked across the deck and stood more near the aft area . 
 the helicopter pilot was polishing the windows on the black aircraft . 
 he said something to the guards , and they all began laughing . 
 lawrence watched as the helicopter pilot climbed into the cockpit . 
 remons leaned forward , staring intensely into albert 's eyes . 
 `` who the fuck do you think you are ? '' 
 `` karl -- '' `` do n't call me karl ! '' 
 albert ignored remons tantrum . 
 `` this is my associate . 
 he is here on behalf of the new owner . '' 
 remons glared at lawrence , but said nothing . 
 `` mr. remons , '' lawrence sat confidently in his seat , his hands together in front of him , arms bent at the elbows and his four fingers of his right hand pressed against the four fingers of his left hand . 
 the conversation was interrupted . 
 remons looked aft , because max had started the turbine engines on the sikorsky . 
 the rotors were beginning to turn . 
 remons yelled at a nearby attendant . 
 `` what the hell is he doing ? '' 
 the attendant scurried over to remons . 
 `` sir , he told you earlier . 
 he 's still testing . 
 making sure it 's safe for you , remember ? '' 
 remons dismissively waved away the attendant . 
 he looked at lawrence , `` hurry up . 
 say what you have to say . '' 
 `` i 'm here as a messenger . 
 it is essential that the owner leave port immediately . 
 your banking activities are behind schedule . 
 not rectified immediately , there will be dire consequences for remons global and for you personally . '' 
 remons was n't biting . 
 albert could see it on his face . 
 this was n't going to work . 
 `` both of you are dead men . 
 that 's the message i 'm sending back . 
 you two are playing in the wrong league . '' 
 remons said it quietly and confidently . 
 albert had misjudged their prey . 
 remons waved to his guards . 
 they ran from the aft section , leaving max at the helicopter . 
 `` collins and randolf . 
 lock these two up down below . 
 we 'll kill them tonight and dump them at sea . '' 
 the guards each grabbed one of them , albert and lawrence , by an arm , lifting them involuntarily out of their seats . 
 they pushed the duo toward the public aft staircase . 
 it was positioned behind the sikorsky . 
 as they walked around the side of the helicopter , now out of sight of remons , one of the guards stopped near the cockpit door . 
 max left the helicopter running and climbed out of his seat . 
 he handed each of the guards a one hundred dollar bill . 
 the first guard , collins , spoke quickly , `` max , you get one punch on each of them . 
 make it count . 
 we do n't have time for more . '' 
 max smiled . 
 `` collins , you and randolf just keep them still . '' 
 the pilot was holding a steel object -- brass knuckles . 
 he slipped it on his right hand , clenched his fist , squatted slightly , coiled back his right arm , and let his tightly curled fist fly . 
 suddenly , albert and lawrence each twisted violently . 
 max 's punch landed squarely in the jaw of collins . 
 albert landed a punch in randolf 's stomach . 
 then , albert put a knee in randolf 's crotch . 
 he fell to the deck . 
 albert grabbed the gun from his shoulder holster . 
 lawrence 's elbow smashed squarely into collins ' nose , most certainly breaking it . 
 lawrence then rammed his elbow and upper arm into the man 's back and grabbed the gun . 
 max was already seated in the cockpit , winding up the whirlybird . 
 albert and lawrence jumped in the plush rear cabin and slammed the door behind them . 
 the sikorsky sprung off the deck , the rotor backwash knocking around collins and randolf , now crumpled on the deck below . 
 max could see more of the goons running to their rescue . 
 he could also see guns . 
 max kicked the anti rotation pedals hard , twisted the throttle on the collective and pulled it higher . 
 he pushed the cyclic forward . 
 they were gaining altitude and moving north briskly . 
 he hoped remons goons would not shoot . 
 albert and lawrence were sitting in the two forward facing seats , one of which was remons ' . 
 they were laughing hysterically . 
 `` albert , you must be the stupidest friend i have . '' 
 `` lawrence , i 'm your only friend . 
 everyone else simply tolerates you . '' 
 `` what are we going to do now ? 
 that was our last card . 
 remons kills us next time . 
 no doubt about it . '' 
 albert said , `` i 'm not sure yet . '' 
 max pressed the intercom button . 
 `` any problems back there ? 
 you two still alive ? '' 
 albert pressed the button on the console . 
 `` max , you were awesome ! 
 no bullet holes ? '' 
 max replied , `` i do n't think so . 
 everything is green up here . 
 i do n't think they took any shots . 
 it would have drawn too much attention . '' 
 he continued , `` so , where to ? 
 what are we doing ? '' 
 albert responded , `` can you circle a wide arc over the pacific . 
 come in across the south side of downtown ? 
 my idea is to hide the sikorsky on the roof of remons ' executive offices . 
 unless they are searching from the air , they will not find it until tomorrow morning . '' 
 lawrence was amused . 
 it was brilliant . 
 max replied , `` great idea . 
 what do we do then ? '' 
 `` i want you to camp out with the sikorsky . 
 we will jam the rooftop elevator doors and the rooftop staircase doors . 
 that will slow them down enough , if they find it , for you to get off the roof . '' 
 albert continued , `` how 's the fuel ? '' 
 `` all full . 
 i gassed up last night after dumping you on the owner . '' 
 albert and lawrence settled in their seats , watching the california coastline drift by below them . 
 max was enjoying the view from the wide front windows . 
 max , lawrence , and albert were all childhood friends . 
 the trio had graduated high school and went to college together . 
 albert , of course , did not finish college . 
 neither did lawrence . 
 he worked alongside albert , at metal presses incorporated , also having been economically displaced in 2008 . 
 max lasteres finished college . 
 he graduated with a bachelors , and subsequently a masters , degree in advanced electrical engineering . 
 max loved electrical engineering and spent his professional career with a single employer . 
 his real love , though , was flying helicopters . 
 he could fly airplanes , too , but found them boring . 
 helicopters were the supreme aircraft , as far as he was concerned . 
 in his spare time , max kept adding ratings , ultimately securing a commercial pilot 's license , along with several thousand hours of flight time . 
 his father , todd lasteres , was killed with frank pabek in the workplace incident at metal presses incorporated . 
 he and albert were like orphan brothers . 
 when albert explained his plan to fight remons , max had jumped at the opportunity . 
 he wanted to avenge his own father 's death . 
 max promptly quit his high paying job in electrical engineering , saying he was moving to san francisco and planning to be a commercial helicopter pilot . 
 within a few months , he had worked his way into the local pilot community . 
 no one wanted to fly for remons global . 
 several pilots had been financially ruined by an assignment to remons . 
 two of the pilots had disappeared . 
 when max stepped forward , playing the dumb person from back east , the sikorsky was almost instantly dropped in his lap . 
 for the last six months , max had submissively been the personal pilot of karl remons . 
 he tolerated daily abuse from remons . 
 he tolerated the abuse for his deceased father , for albert , and , of course , for his girl - sikorsky . 
 the owner 's electrical interference troubles , leaving them stranded at sea , had been max 's doing . 
 max had built an electromagnetic interference generator . 
 slowly and secretly , he had installed the device within the sikorsky 's confined spaces . 
 it took him several weeks to install . 
 the device added 430 pounds to the sikorsky 's empty weight . 
 were someone to now x-ray the helicopter , long runs of copper wiring would be seen snaking around the walls , ceiling , and floor . 
 max and the electromagnetic generator had performed their portion of albert 's plan . 
 now albert and lawrence had to do their part . 
 chapter 52 remons stood towering over the guards , randolf and collins . 
 flanked around remons , there were more guards . 
 together , all had watched the twenty million dollar sikorsky fly away , disappearing past sausalito , supposedly hijacked by albert pabek and the mystery man . 
 `` stand them up , '' remons pointed to the guards responsible for losing his helicopter . 
 the guards were big , muscular men . 
 standing in front of remons , though , they looked like schoolchildren knowing a beating was on its way . 
 it was a question of when , not if . 
 `` boys , you have two minutes . 
 start talking . '' 
 `` sir , '' said randolf . 
 `` we were ambushed . 
 the helicopter pilot was in on it . 
 it was coordinated . 
 they had us down instantly . '' 
 collins was observing the reaction from remons . 
 not wanting to die , he had to improvise . 
 pointing at randolf accusingly , he said , `` sir , he 's lying ! '' 
 randolf looked at him . 
 at first , he was confused , and then suddenly he understood what was happening . 
 `` no , sir , i 'm not lying . 
 do n't listen to him , sir . 
 he 's trying to stay alive , mr. remons . '' 
 remons yelled , `` shut up , randolf ! '' 
 looking at collins , remons said , `` go on . '' 
 collins could see a doorway in his mind . 
 it was a doorway to live another day . 
 he would sacrifice his friend , randolf , if necessary . 
 it was senseless for both of them to die . 
 `` sir . 
 max , the helicopter pilot offered randolf one hundred dollars , if he could get a swing at pabek . 
 he said he was pissed off about the incident at sea yesterday . 
 said he wanted to teach him a lesson . '' 
 `` and , '' remons asked . 
 `` well , sir . 
 i told randolf it was n't a good idea . 
 he ignored me . 
 he took the hundred dollars . 
 check his pocket . 
 you 'll find the money . '' 
 randolf screamed , `` no ! 
 it was n't like that . 
 he 's lying ! '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 boomed remons . 
 `` check his pockets . '' 
 one of the guards found the hundred-dollar bill , pulled it out , and handed it to remons . 
 randolf stared at the ground . 
 he knew , regardless of the story , his life had reached its end . 
 remons nodded to the guard standing behind randolf . 
 the guard swiftly broke the neck of the man . 
 the action killed him instantly . 
 remons looked back to collins . 
 `` continue . '' 
 collins was slightly relieved . 
 he was n't out of the woods , but could see the road through the trees . 
 he just had to get there . 
 `` sir , the helicopter pilot hit him , '' pointing at the now dead friend . 
 `` he hit him square in the jaw . 
 it was no accident . 
 randolf lost his grip ; the man wriggled free and hit me in the nose . 
 i was knocked unconscious . 
 no chance to react . 
 i vaguely remember the helicopter leaving the ship . '' 
 remons tilted his head and stared quizzically at collins . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` empty your pockets . '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` do what i said . 
 now ! '' 
 collins pulled his pants pockets inside out . 
 the hundred-dollar bill fell to the deck and was blown away by the breeze . 
 remons nodded . 
 collins ' neck snapped . 
 he slumped to the deck , falling atop the friend he betrayed . 
 `` put them both in one of the speedboats . 
 we will dump them tonight after we are offshore . '' 
 the guards nodded silently , hauling off the two dead mean . 
 remons walked back across the deck . 
 he settled in his favorite chair . 
 `` get me a bourbon , '' he bluntly told one of the attendants . 
 he pulled out his public numbered mobile phone and pressed the icon for elizabeth . 
 she answered on the fourth ring . 
 `` yes , sir ? '' 
 `` elizabeth , we are sailing at 3:00 pm today . 
 make sure everyone required is on board . '' 
 `` yes , mr. remons . '' 
 `` you are sailing , also . 
 i want you here immediately , though . 
 we have had some problems this morning . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 of course . '' 
 `` elizabeth , that helicopter pilot , max , he was a mole . 
 where did you get him ? '' 
 elizabeth started to shake . 
 she could n't believe it . 
 what had happened ? 
 `` sir ... uh , sir , he came from the same place as the others . '' 
 `` he stole my helicopter . 
 he helped albert pabek , and some other guy , escape from the owner . '' 
 elizabeth was silent . 
 she was scared , not for max , albert , or lawrence . 
 she was scared for herself . 
 `` you need to fix this , elizabeth ! 
 i need a helicopter . 
 and a pilot . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i 'll work on it now . 
 i will head to the owner as soon as possible . '' 
 remons put the phone down on the table . 
 his private unpublished mobile phone was ringing . 
 now it was remons turn to panic . 
 he pressed the accept call button . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i will be late , mr. remons . 
 we will meet at 9:00 pm tonight . 
 do not leave the dock . '' 
 remons whispered into the phone , trying a new kind of intimidation . 
 `` listen to me , you mother fucker . 
 i will sail my ship when i goddamn well please . 
 is that clear ? '' 
 `` mr. remons . 
 you just killed two people . 
 i filmed the entire event . 
 you are not someone to betray , apparently . 
 anyway , i have the video . 
 do n't test my patience and make me distribute it . '' 
 now the yelling came . 
 `` who the fuck do you think you are messing with ! '' 
 `` no sailing until we say so . 
 cancel your afternoon departure . '' 
 the phone went silent . 
 remons was still holding the glass of bourbon . 
 he stood up and threw it the full distance of the upper deck . 
 it shattered on the deck , raining down the aft end of the ship and into the marina waters below . 
 ----- elizabeth blankly gazed at the call ended message on her phone . 
 she was mentally shut down . 
 her brain knew that remons was now a serious threat to her life . 
 she knew his fears and paranoia . 
 it was only a matter of time , before he decided to kill her . 
 she packed a bag , left the apartment , and headed down lombard street . 
 elizabeth decided to tell veronica , face to face , that she was headed back aboard the owner . 
 a taxi would get her there quicker , but there was no reason to hurry . 
 she walked to the coffee shop . 
 the coffee shop was almost deserted . 
 elizabeth walked inside and found veronica cleaning the glass display cases . 
 `` hi , baby sister , '' elizabeth tried a happy tone , `` how was the morning rush ? '' 
 `` it was crazy today . 
 all of the regulars showed up at the same time . '' 
 she noticed elizabeth 's bag . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 veronica knew the answer immediately , `` liz ? '' 
 `` sorry . 
 i have trouble . 
 remons wants me on the owner . 
 we are sailing at 3:00 pm . 
 i wo n't be back until sometime tomorrow afternoon . '' 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 albert and lawrence walked over there a while ago . 
 i have n't heard from them . 
 i saw the helicopter fly off the ship . 
 are they in trouble ? '' 
 `` that 's the problem . 
 the pilot stole the helicopter . 
 your boyfriend , albert , helped him . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` yes , you heard me correctly . 
 i do n't know where they went , but you need to avoid him . 
 he 's in remons ' sights now . 
 there 's no good outcome . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` liz , please be careful . 
 are you sure it 's safe to get on that ship ? '' 
 `` veronica , '' elizabeth hugged her sister . 
 she lied , `` i am perfectly safe . 
 remons has a reputation , but he really is a good boss . 
 he would not ever hurt me . 
 trust me on that . '' 
 `` be careful , anyway . 
 please call or text when you can . '' 
 elizabeth left the coffee shop , worked her way south through the various stores , turned left on the embarcadero , and then turned left at the private pier . 
 the guards let her pass . 
 she stood on the gangway , just two feet shy of the ship 's entranceway . 
 breathing deeply , she quietly said , `` if he kills me , it will be quick . 
 veronica will mourn for a few months , but long term she will be better off without me . '' 
 she took two more steps and disappeared into the owner 's shadows . 
 chapter 53 it was 11:22 am , on the day after , the day after the first day of summer . 
 max landed the sikorsky gently on the roof of the thirty-one story , downtown building . 
 technically , the helipad was for loading and unloading only . 
 it was a temporary parking space , part of the common area in the building , and accessible to all building tenants , not just remons global . 
 it was sunday . 
 therefore , another tenant 's helicopter was not likely to need use of the parking space atop the building . 
 albert and lawrence opened the cabin door . 
 they stepped out on the roof . 
 max finished his shutdown sequence . 
 the twenty million dollar whirlybird , now awol from remons global , soon went silent . 
 max climbed out of the cockpit , noticing albert and lawrence leaning on the building ledge . 
 he strolled slowly around the rooftop . 
 a few minutes passed , then he walked to the ledge , leaned over , and wedged himself between albert and lawrence . 
 max put his hands on their shoulders and hugged them at the same time . 
 `` i 'm so happy to be away from remons . 
 you two have had it easy . 
 spending six hours , not to mention six months , with that crazy son of a bitch has been a living hell . '' 
 spinning the trio around with his extended arms , he pointed his head at the helicopter . 
 `` one of the big things keeping my sanity in check was the sikorsky . 
 she is the most exceptional flying machine in the world , as far as i 'm concerned . '' 
 he started giggling , like a teenage girl with a secret . 
 `` i intend to keep her . 
 when this is all finished . 
 you guys have any problem with that ? '' 
 albert said , `` max , i think you have earned it . 
 consider it a severance payment . 
 you have been economically displaced now , anyway . 
 it only seems like a fair settlement . '' 
 they were all laughing now . 
 lawrence , the timeline monitor , said , `` we have to get going . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' albert said . 
 `` max , find anything to jam the doors closed ? '' 
 `` no doubt . 
 i 'm ready to barricade the sikorsky and me on this roof . 
 we will live or die together ! '' 
 lawrence hugged max . 
 `` you were awesome today . 
 thanks for saving our skin . '' 
 albert nodded to lawrence . 
 `` max is set . 
 let 's do our part . '' 
 he opened the rooftop staircase door quietly and stepped into the stairwell . 
 lawrence followed behind him and closed the door . 
 they were intent on descending the stairs for several floors before calling for the elevator . 
 it was an unnecessary risk to summon the elevator to the rooftop . 
 some tenant may notice the elevator 's position , be curious , and try to visit the roof . 
 max picked up the pipe he had located earlier , jamming it into the stairwell doorframe , chocking it underneath the door handle . 
 using a second section of pipe as a hammer , he pounded the first pipe . 
 it broke through the frame and became stuck in the wall . 
 no one was passing through the door any time soon . 
 using his makeshift hammer , max pounded several nails into each of the sliding elevator doors . 
 next , he used some loose pieces of copper electrical wire he found , wrapping them , zigzagged , across the nails . 
 the elevator door looked like it was a shoe , laced up , and ready for action . 
 `` try busting through that , remons , '' max said aloud . 
 `` me and my girl , sikorsky , will be gone before you can bust half the wires . '' 
 albert tried the exit door on the nineteenth floor . 
 it was unlocked . 
 he opened the door , just enough to peek through the crack . 
 the area beyond the door was dark . 
 he opened the door further and slowly stuck his head past the door . 
 `` see anything ? '' 
 albert whispered , `` no . '' 
 `` look for blue , red and green lights . 
 they will be very small . 
 maybe intermittent blinkers . '' 
 albert smirked , but lawrence could n't see him . 
 `` duh . '' 
 he continued his scan of the room . 
 he did n't see any motion sensors . 
 albert pushed open the door and stepped into the foyer of the nineteenth floor . 
 lawrence followed quietly . 
 the foyer was elegant . 
 it was a common area . 
 the floor had three tenants , each having its own entrance from the foyer . 
 lawrence said , `` nice guess . '' 
 lawrence ordered their transportation , pressing the elevator down button . 
 quickly , the elevator arrived and the doors opened . 
 albert and lawrence stepped into the elevator , and the doors closed behind them . 
 albert pressed the `` g '' button , for ground floor . 
 a moment later , the doors opened . 
 albert and lawrence casually stepped out . 
 strolling through the main floor lobby with confidence , they exited and emerged on the sidewalk alongside the tall building . 
 they were about a mile from the guest marina where teleport floated . 
 `` walk or taxi ? '' 
 lawrence asked . 
 `` walk . 
 you need the exercise , anyway . '' 
 they walked in a generally north direction , not exactly knowing the most direct path , but fully aware they would emerge somewhere along the embarcadero . 
 albert pulled the smartphone from his pocket . 
 all systems were reporting green , according to teleport . 
 the goons were not onboard teleport , but he guessed they would be nearby . 
 albert pressed another app . 
 a view from the masthead camera was now on the screen . 
 he panned the camera remotely and spotted the ambush team . 
 three goons were near the security gate leading out to dock 14 . 
 `` we 've got trouble . '' 
 he showed the image to lawrence . 
 `` what now , then ? '' 
 in the helicopter , albert and lawrence had finalized their next steps . 
 there would be no more visits to the owner . 
 the pair agreed they must now assume unsafe conditions existed everywhere around them . 
 veronica 's coffee shop was also off limits . 
 worst of all , teleport was floating like an unsuspecting animal , ready for slaughter at remons ' hand . 
 it was time to move her to a safer location . 
 albert had an idea . 
 he called the police station , selecting the number from his phone 's call history records . 
 `` san francisco police department . 
 how may i help you ? '' 
 `` sergeant bratcher , please , '' albert said with all the authority he could muster . 
 the unknown dispatcher responded , `` one moment , sir . '' 
 the sergeant picked up the phone on the second ring , gruffly saying , `` bratcher . '' 
 `` sergeant bratcher , this is pabek . '' 
 `` this is mr. albert pabek , the man that i hope has left town already ? 
 correct ? '' 
 `` i 'm trying , sir . '' 
 `` mr. pabek , please do n't tell me someone else is dead . '' 
 `` that 's why i 'm calling . 
 i do n't want to end up dead . 
 remons ' guards wo n't allow me to reach my ship in the marina . 
 i am afraid for my life and believe they will cause me harm . '' 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 `` if you can spare a few officers , i promise to leave the marina immediately . 
 i just need to get safely aboard and out of the marina . '' 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 albert did n't want to say . 
 there was no reason to leave breadcrumbs for the sergeant . 
 `` here 's what i need . 
 can your officers meet me at the diner across from the ferries ? 
 all i 'm asking is for the officers to walk my friend and me back to our ship . 
 they only need to wait a few minutes while we set sail . 
 then i 'm out of your hair for good . '' 
 `` fine , we 'll help you out . 
 are you at the diner now ? '' 
 `` no sir , we will be there in ten minutes . '' 
 `` after this favor , we are done with you . 
 is that clear ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 thank you . '' 
 albert hung up the phone . 
 he and lawrence picked up the pace , reaching the diner at the same time as two squad cars . 
 they walked up to one of the officers . 
 `` hello . 
 i am albert pabek . 
 thank you for coming . '' 
 `` no problem , mr. pabek . 
 i prefer escorting you out of our city , alive . 
 were you to end up dead , i would have to work overtime with the investigation . '' 
 albert , lawrence , and three police officers walked along the embarcadero . 
 they reached pier marina and were soon at the guest slip area . 
 the police officers surrounded the threatened pair of men , and the group of five walked the remaining distance , reaching the dock 14 security gate . 
 remons ' men were on the opposite side of the gate , milling around along the dock . 
 albert pressed in the gate combination , pulled the gate open , and held it for the officers . 
 one of the officers stepped up to remons ' thugs . 
 `` you are trespassing . 
 leave the pier immediately , or go to jail . '' 
 the goons slowly walked by albert and lawrence , menacingly glaring into each of their faces . 
 the officers now stood between the goons and the two friends . 
 one officer closed the gate . 
 remons ' thugs stood on the public side , staring with a blend of anger and annoyance . 
 `` mr. pabek , '' one of the officers said , `` leave now . 
 we will stay here until you and the ship are away from the marina . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 albert and lawrence ran for the safety of teleport . 
 `` lawrence , get the dock lines and the electrical umbilical cables . 
 i 'll fire up the engines . 
 we can check on james after clearing out of the marina . '' 
 albert leapt on the deck , unlocked the starboard bridge door , and stepped down into the cockpit . 
 quickly , he switched on the battery banks , started the port , and then the starboard engine . 
 lawrence climbed on teleport 's deck . 
 he stuck his head in the starboard bridge door . 
 `` we are all clear . 
 take off ! '' 
 albert engaged the transmissions and pushed the throttles to 700 rpms . 
 teleport moved swiftly away from the dock . 
 `` lawrence , get the semi-automatic rifle . 
 i do n't think this is over . '' 
 lawrence stepped down into the bridge . 
 he grabbed the rim of the forward companionway and swung himself into the salon . 
 no time for the stairs . 
 finding the gun , he grabbed it and ran back up the stairs . 
 he opened the port bridge door and locked it in the open position . 
 lawrence quickly climbed down the aft companionway stairs . 
 he turned on the lights and peered over the side of the dinghy . 
 james looked up at him and made some muffled sounds through the tape adhered to his mouth . 
 lawrence replied , `` i do n't know what you are saying , so just shut up . '' 
 lawrence climbed back up on the bridge . 
 he said , `` the kid is still secure . '' 
 albert had pushed the throttles to 1,200 rpms . 
 teleport moved beyond the breakwater at twelve knots per hour . 
 `` lawrence , check the mast cam . 
 i 'm concerned that remons ' will send some boats after us . 
 he has several waverunners and two speedboats inside the owner 's hull . '' 
 albert pushed the throttles to 2,000 rpms . 
 they were now moving at eighteen knots and headed for the golden gate bridge . 
 lawrence was looking at one of the three 12 '' monitors in the overhead console . 
 he was punching through the options , both repositioning and setting the gyro on the camera for image stabilization . 
 lawrence exclaimed , `` we have some unwelcome visitors coming our way ! 
 one speedboat and two waverunners . '' 
 he turned around and looked out the rear window . 
 `` shit , albert ! 
 what are we doing now ? '' 
 albert pushed the throttles to 2,600 rpms . 
 teleport picked up speed , now moving at twenty-four knots . 
 `` drive , lawrence ! '' 
 lawrence took the wheel . 
 albert jumped to the salon floor , ran through the galley , down the forward passageway and into the head . 
 quickly , he unlocked the hidden latches and pivoted the shower out of the way . 
 he pressed the two buttons hiding the office . 
 feeling like an eternity later to albert , the four solenoids engaged and the pusher shoved the door open . 
 albert stepped down into the room . 
 he grabbed the second ruger sr556 semi-automatic rifle from the ceiling storage hooks . 
 it was part of another matched set of weapons aboard teleport . 
 next , he found two thin vests , each designed to hang off a hunter 's shoulders , the purpose to hold ammunition and store small slain prey , usually birds . 
 albert stuffed the pockets in both vests with ammunition clips . 
 finally , he grabbed a remington 870 pump shotgun from the wall . 
 albert ran back through the ship , toting the two guns and two vests full of ammunition . 
 at the forward companionway , he tossed everything up into the bridge . 
 `` how do we look ? '' 
 `` they are closing in fast . 
 you need to get up here . 
 we only have a couple of minutes . '' 
 `` i 'll be there in thirty seconds . '' 
 albert ran back to the office . 
 he pulled out two kevlar reinforced , bullet protection vests , and ran back to the bridge . 
 he did n't take the time to close up the hidden office . 
 assuming they made it out alive , he would lock everything up after the battle had concluded . 
 he ran up the companionway stairs . 
 `` hurry up , albert ! 
 i do n't want to die today . '' 
 `` put this on . '' 
 albert was already donning his vests ; first kevlar , and then the ammunition vest . 
 teleport , along with her now battle ready occupants , passed the golden gate bridge , and now was in the open waters of the pacific ocean . 
 behind , the two waverunners were closing the distance between them , and the speedboat was only a few hundred yards behind the waverunners . 
 lawrence glanced back nervously . 
 `` guns ? '' 
 albert was using the binoculars from the bridge . 
 `` yep . 
 looks like pistols . 
 they 're stupid . 
 no way they can drive , shoot , and expect to hit anything . '' 
 albert stepped to the bridge door . 
 looking at lawrence , he said , `` drive defensively . 
 i do n't want any holes in teleport . '' 
 albert stepped up on the deck . 
 he looked like a soldier heading to war . 
 hanging on his back and across his shoulder was the remington 870 shotgun . 
 on his shoulders , the ammo vest hung heavily . 
 in his hands , albert held the semi-automatic with thirty rounds in the clip . 
 clutching the bridge top mounted railing , in a crouched position , he moved swiftly to the stern . 
 then , he quickly leapt down to the tiny floor area below the aft facing fishing seats . 
 two shots rang out . 
 the goons were shooting pistols from the waverunners . 
 the yamahas had reached teleport . 
 one was heading for the port side flank ; the other the starboard side flank . 
 albert estimated the starboard approaching waverunner would arrive first . 
 albert checked the clip in the semi-automatic gun , unlocked the safety , and sat up slightly . 
 his butt was locked down into the narrow floorboard . 
 he was facing starboard . 
 carefully , he lifted the gun to his right knee . 
 he placed his right hand firmly under the barrel , bracing his right elbow on top of , but slightly forward of , his right knee . 
 then , he pressed the full left side of his body against the bench seat . 
 the gun 's stock was on his left shoulder . 
 he wrapped his left index finger around the trigger and sighted down the barrel with his left eye . 
 teleport was bouncing across the waves . 
 the waverunner was bouncing too , even more violently than teleport . 
 albert told himself there was no need to conserve ammunition . 
 this was n't an accuracy competition . 
 with all of the erratic movements , he must anticipate the position changes and lead the shots . 
 effectiveness could only be measured by a dead or disabled threat , not the least number of rounds shot . 
 albert watched a few seconds , as each of the vessels bounced . 
 at the right moment , he pulled the trigger , repeatedly . 
 eight shots . 
 round one , two and three all fell in the water below the waverunner . 
 each shot had crept closer , as the waverunner dropped down a wave . 
 round four hit the waverunner itself . 
 round five went into the thug 's upper thigh . 
 albert knew this for sure . 
 he saw the hole blown in the victim 's left leg . 
 round six or seven hit in the thug 's left shoulder . 
 albert was n't sure which round exactly . 
 round eight missed completely . 
 the waverunner slowed and fell behind them , the driver slumped over the handlebars . 
 `` one down and one to go . '' 
 albert 's confidence grew . 
 they may live for another day . 
 he flipped around carefully in his tiny perch . 
 four shots rang out . 
 the second waverunner was less than one hundred feet off the port aft corner of teleport . 
 one of the bullets ripped through the padded seat above albert 's head . 
 one of remons ' goons had shot teleport . 
 now , albert was really pissed off . 
 albert twisted around his position in the foot well . 
 he was now facing the too-close-for-comfort waverunner . 
 he wrapped the strap on the semi-automatic around his ankle , clicked on the safety , and laid it in the foot well . 
 rapidly , he swung the remington 870 shotgun off his back . 
 the 12-gauge barreled gun had five shells in its breech , all # 1 buckshot . 
 five single 3 '' shotshells , each one with sixteen .28 caliber steel balls inside . 
 albert had a 23 '' barrel attached to the main section of the gun . 
 this barrel was shorter than a normal barrel and normally used for turkey hunting . 
 two more shots fired from the waverunner . 
 albert knew he had not been hit , but was worried about teleport and her other occupants . 
 without any more hesitation , albert positioned the gun , now braced on his left knee , with his right hand under the pumping action stock . 
 he aimed briefly . 
 this was a shotgun , not a rifle . 
 he fired round one . 
 some of the buckshot hit the pursuer . 
 he pumped the gun and repositioned . 
 he fired round two . 
 most of the pellets in round two hit the driver . 
 the two vessels were close enough for albert to see the destruction of the man 's chest and face . 
 the two vessels were also close enough for the force of the round to knock the driver off the waverunner . 
 the goon fell into the ocean . 
 the waverunner slowed and finally stopped , just like a horse stops after its rider falls off . 
 only this time , the rider was n't returning to the motorized horse . 
 the speedboat was gaining on teleport . 
 it was bouncing wildly up and down on the ocean waves , as well as the wake created by teleport . 
 the speedboat was close enough for albert to see three men aboard . 
 he hoped no more men were hiding down below , out of his view . 
 two of the men had guns pointing forward over the top of the speedboat 's windshield . 
 albert heard three shots ring out . 
 he could see the muzzle fire . 
 he could see the shooters ' shoulders recoiling from the weapons ' power . 
 it was unknown to albert if their shots had damaged teleport . 
 he had not been personally hit . 
 albert swapped guns , again . 
 he pulled the partially spent clip from the semi-automatic , dropped it in his vest , and pulled out a full clip . 
 snapping it in the gun , he cocked the weapon , drawing the first round into the chamber . 
 he yelled , `` now or never ! '' 
 albert sprung to his feet , leaned back into one of the aft seats , pulled the gun to his shoulder , and sighted down the barrel . 
 rapidly , he squeezed on the trigger , zigzagging it left to right across the bow of the speedboat . 
 albert saw the driver fall . 
 he saw one of the shooters fall . 
 the third shooter moved to drive the boat , still holding a gun and firing erratically toward teleport . 
 albert kept squeezing the trigger . 
 finally , the new driver fell out of view . 
 the speedboat arced erratically away from teleport . 
 it was now moving out of control and at full throttle . 
 suddenly , it crashed into a large wave swelling up from the ocean . 
 the speeding hulk of fiberglass nosed down into the wave , its forward speed submerging the boat from view . 
 it reminded albert of submarine captains in the movies , always yelling , `` dive ! 
 dive ! 
 dive ! '' 
 the boat momentarily disappeared , completely submerged . 
 then , like a whale coming up for a fresh breath , the now-not-so-speedy boat floated to the surface . 
 the impact with the wave had sheared off the nose of the boat . 
 it was rapidly taking on water . 
 teleport was slowing down . 
 albert hoped lawrence was slowing her , instead of some externally caused battle wound . 
 albert leaned his head back against the aft seat . 
 he was breathing heavily , almost hyperventilating . 
 adrenaline was surging through his body . 
 he was shaking so much it was impossible to stand . 
 his legs felt like rubber noodles . 
 teleport drifted to a stop . 
 the air went silent as albert heard the perkins brothers shut down . 
 he still could n't move . 
 he closed his eyes and tried to relax . 
 `` albert ! 
 were you shot ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 lawrence was leaning over him , shaking his shoulders with one hand , and hanging on to the aft chair railing with the other . 
 `` albert ! '' 
 albert opened his eyes . 
 he smiled faintly at lawrence . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 give me a moment to recover . 
 i have n't been shot . '' 
 `` you scared the shit out me ! '' 
 lawrence plopped into the seat next to albert . 
 `` what about teleport ? 
 any major damage ? '' 
 lawrence sighed . 
 `` not sure , yet . 
 one of the bilge water intrusion alarms is sounding . 
 the bilge pumps are running . 
 the next higher water level alarm has n't sounded , at least not yet . 
 i do n't know if we are taking on water from a bullet hole , or from the repeated crashing through the waves . '' 
 albert looked over at him . 
 `` you left the bridge doors open , did n't you ? '' 
 lawrence punched him in the arm . 
 `` i was driving , bonehead . 
 you left the doors open , when you ran back here to play gunslinger . '' 
 `` how much water came in the bridge ? '' 
 `` it 's not as bad as it seems . 
 most of the water stayed on the bridge . 
 the companionway retention walls functioned as designed , thank me very much . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , yeah . 
 i know . 
 thank you for insisting on the feature . 
 so the bridge scuppers worked ? '' 
 `` perfectly ! 
 that water passed through teleport faster than water through a fish 's gills . '' 
 they sat silently for a moment . 
 in the distance , the speedboat was slipping below the water . 
 soon , it would be just another unknown casualty sitting two miles below on the ocean floor . 
 the waverunners , and their dead riders , were nowhere to be seen . 
 albert said , `` let 's get with it . 
 we need to check on teleport 's health . 
 we should check on the kid . 
 i 'm sure he 's had quite the ride . '' 
 they gathered the weapons and walked by the bridge . 
 the ship was bobbing around from the oceans swells and neither of them wanted to go swimming . 
 albert stepped down into the bridge . 
 the low-level bilge water alarm was still sounding . 
 no sounds were emitting , at least not yet , from the high-level water alarm . 
 albert climbed down the forward companionway stairs and stepped into the salon . 
 he placed the gun on the sofa , removed the ammo vest , and finally the kevlar vest . 
 lawrence stood in the companionway . 
 albert reached up , as lawrence passed him the remington shotgun and the remaining arsenal from the bridge . 
 lawrence pulled the ammo vest and kevlar vest off , handing them down to albert . 
 albert climbed up the companionway and onto the bridge . 
 he switched the display on the portside 19 '' display and tabbed through to the radar . 
 there were only three objects detected . 
 none were closer than five miles and their movements did not warrant a threat . 
 `` well , let 's check on james . '' 
 albert climbed down the aft companionway . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 albert was dismayed . 
 he could see five rays of light piercing the aft cabin area . 
 five rays of light a result of five shots in teleport 's ass . 
 he switched on the garage lights and worked his way around the tender . 
 lawrence followed behind him . 
 albert looked over the side of the tender . 
 james was in there , but he was n't moving . 
 there was blood pooled in the floor of the inflatable boat . 
 james was dead . 
 the starboard flank of the rib was injured . 
 slowly , albert looked around the walls of the small garage . 
 he located four dents along the bulkhead separating the cabin from the bridge and pointed them out to lawrence . 
 `` where 's the fifth bullet , albert ? '' 
 `` it 's in james ' head . 
 he never saw it coming . '' 
 chapter 54 remons paced fore and aft along the owner 's upper deck . 
 he was a prisoner to the mysterious , threat-speaking caller , as he was , so far at least , complying with the stranger 's demands . 
 the passengers and crew aboard the owner still anticipated a 3:00 pm departure , remons being unable , yet , to explain a further delay . 
 compounding his irritation , the army he mobilized to kill pabek had not returned . 
 they had been away for more than an hour . 
 `` where the hell are those boats ? '' 
 he yelled at one of his security team . 
 `` sir , they have not answered radio calls for more than thirty minutes . 
 we do n't know . '' 
 remons saw an opportunity to save face . 
 `` tell captain caltoan to delay our departure . 
 i do not want to leave until the boats are back . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' the guard said . 
 he motioned to another guard , who promptly ran across the deck and toward the bridge . 
 `` get elizabeth and the cfo up here , now ! '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 the second guard stepped away slightly , unclipped a radio from his belt , keyed the microphone , and spoke quietly into the unit . 
 he listened for a moment , said something else , and then clipped the radio back to his belt . 
 a moment later , elizabeth emerged from the public aft staircase . 
 remons saw her . 
 he motioned with his finger and pointed at his sitting area nearer the bow of the ship . 
 they both walked to the sitting area . 
 the cfo was emerging from the forward staircase . 
 remons motioned him over also . 
 remons sat down , followed by elizabeth and the cfo . 
 remons stared at them , saying nothing at first . 
 they both knew the rules . 
 do n't speak until remons asks a question . 
 `` elizabeth , where 's the replacement helicopter and pilot ? '' 
 `` mr. remons , sir . 
 the air charter service is cleaning and fueling a rental aircraft for you . 
 they are searching for a pilot now . '' 
 `` searching ? 
 there are thousands of starving pilots . 
 they 're more thick than wannabe pro-surfers , waiting on their big break , or wannabe artists , waiting on their abstract works to be discovered ! '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 of course , sir . 
 they say it 's sunday , and a little more difficult to locate a pilot . 
 you ... i 'm sorry , sir . 
 we , at remons global , also have a negative reputation . 
 it 's been more difficult in the past two years to find pilots agreeable to work with us , sir . '' 
 remons bellowed , `` elizabeth ! 
 find a pilot ! 
 you 've already fucked up with the last pilot . 
 this is your last chance ! 
 are we clear ? '' 
 elizabeth trembling , said , `` yes , sir , mr. remons . 
 may i go work on it ? '' 
 `` go ! '' 
 she stood up and backed out of the sitting area , careful to not turn her back to remons . 
 she walked to the forward staircase and disappeared to a lower deck . 
 remons looked at the cfo . 
 his name was rals farley . 
 `` farley , we are n't sailing at 3:00 pm . 
 the guards have not returned from their mission . '' 
 rals farley gasped . 
 `` shut up , farley , '' remons spoke before the cfo said anything . 
 `` just deal with it . 
 i expect you to have all transactions ready to upload . 
 we will sail late tonight . 
 probably 10:00 pm . '' 
 farley knew not to challenge remons , even though it meant the departure delay would cost remons global hundreds of millions of dollars . 
 moreover , that was the upside risk . 
 the repercussions from their international partners could not be measured in dollars . 
 they were measured in mortality rates . 
 `` go away , farley . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 farley stood up and walked away . 
 he disappeared down the forward staircase . 
 remons was lounging comfortably in the chair , his arms draped over the cushioned armrests . 
 he lifted a finger slightly on his left hand . 
 `` bourbon . '' 
 an attendant scurried away to get remons his next drink of the day . 
 his phones were on the table near his right hand . 
 the public numbered mobile phone vibrated . 
 it was bill shefford . 
 remons left the phone on the table . 
 he clicked accept and speakerphone . 
 `` it better be good news . '' 
 `` mr. remons , sir , it is not any better . 
 remons global is losing to world auto . 
 sir , it 's almost 5:00 pm here . 
 at 6:00 pm , santana , malete and the world auto lawyers return to plant 37 . '' 
 `` damn it , bill . 
 quit being a sissy . 
 you can handle this ! 
 do n't you understand we are at war over here ! 
 it 's like we are germany in 1944 , fighting france to the southwest and russia to the northeast . 
 however , we will not suffer the same fate as germany ! 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` mr. remons , i need air one for the lawyers . 
 we need the entourage in michigan tonight . 
 i promised ... i was lying ... i told santana they would be here at 6:00 pm tonight . 
 part of my stall tactic is not bringing them to plant 37 until almost midnight . 
 hopefully , the world auto lawyers are too tired to fight as hard as they normally would . '' 
 `` fine ! 
 i 'm not going anywhere soon in air one . '' 
 `` thank you , sir . 
 i 've already spoken to the team . 
 four of them will fly out of oakland at 4:00 pm california time or 7:00 pm michigan time . 
 they will land in troy around 10:30 or 11:00 pm , check into a hotel and delay their arrival to plant 37 until after midnight . '' 
 `` do n't fuck this up , '' remons said uncharacteristically quiet . 
 remons clicked disconnect before bill could reply . 
 he was still thinking about max , the sikorsky , and elizabeth . 
 the more he thought , the more he distrusted his assistant of eight years . 
 her job was to protect him . 
 how could a rogue pilot infiltrate remons global ? 
 he worried what else may have been compromised . 
 had max stolen anything important , other than the sikorsky ? 
 was he working with the unknown caller ? 
 was he working with pabek all along ? 
 or , had pabek recently coercised max away from remons ? 
 his mind circled back to elizabeth . 
 she had failed him , most certainly . 
 she was no longer to be trusted . 
 remons motioned to one of the guards . 
 the guard walked over . 
 `` send two of your men to the coffee shop . 
 be discreet . 
 tell the sister that elizabeth has fallen ill , and she has requested her sister to board the owner . 
 help her put the ` closed ' sign on the door and lock up the store . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` lock elizabeth in her cabin . 
 turn off her cabin phone . 
 take away her mobile phones . 
 once her sister is on board , you can let her out of the cabin and give her back the phones . 
 she has work to do . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` any word from the boys sent after pabek ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 i believe we should consider them lost at sea , sir . '' 
 `` i agree . '' 
 remons sent the guard away and continued sipping his fifty-dollar glass of bourbon . 
 tomorrow , he would need a new executive assistant . 
 however , that was tomorrow . 
 today , he had to win a war . 
 chapter 55 it was 2:14 pm , on the day after , the day after the first day of summer . 
 albert and lawrence were sitting in the aft facing seats . 
 they were quietly drinking a beer , individually letting ideas mull around in their heads . 
 the high-level water alarm never sounded . 
 they were reasonably sure that teleport had only sustained cosmetic damage . 
 `` lawrence , we need to dump james ' body and clean out the dinghy . 
 it 's not worth the risk , hauling him back to shore . '' 
 `` agreed . 
 it 's shameful that people like remons can corrupt kids like james . 
 now he 's just fish food , just like the goons that were shooting at us . '' 
 lawrence changed the subject . 
 `` what next ? 
 we ca n't go back to the marina , obviously . 
 i do n't think we can even get into the san francisco bay , without being spotted . 
 teleport is rather unique looking . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 until this mess is over , we stay out of the bay . '' 
 `` what if we -- '' albert interrupted , `` unless we move in after dark . 
 we could head in along the north shore and anchor out somewhere near sausalito . '' 
 `` you know that 's a big risk . 
 remons has eyes everywhere . 
 i do n't think the low rent district will keep our anonymity for very long . '' 
 `` yes , it may be too big of a risk . 
 keep thinking . 
 in the meantime , let 's get the garage cleaned up . '' 
 they each stood up and made their way back to the bridge ; albert stepping in from the starboard side and lawrence from the port side . 
 albert said , `` radar still looks good . 
 closest ship around us is six miles out . '' 
 lawrence said , `` let 's get this over with . '' 
 albert moved one of his hands to the overhead console . 
 he pressed a button labeled , garage-open . 
 they could hear an air compressor start pumping , deep in the aft section of teleport 's hull . 
 shortly after , the aft section of teleport began to rise up . 
 it looked as if someone was opening the trunk lid of one of the oversized cars from the 70 's . 
 the aft seats , part of the trunk lid , were now high above the bridge . 
 teleport 's aft section opened up like a giant cargo plane . 
 the door finished moving to its open position . 
 albert released the button and climbed down the aft companionway stairs . 
 the cramped , dark quarters of the previously closed aft section were now replaced by spacious sky and sunlight . 
 lawrence followed behind him . 
 albert walked around to the starboard side of the rib . 
 he was standing on the aft ledge . 
 one additional step backward and he would be swimming . 
 he looked at the hole in the dinghy 's starboard floatation tube . 
 `` we need to patch this hole , before dropping the tender in the water . '' 
 `` albert , it will still float , even with the hole . 
 let 's get rid of the body and wash it first . '' 
 `` let 's fix the hole . 
 it will take fifteen minutes . 
 there 's no one out here . 
 it will be easier to reload the tender if the tube is fixed first . '' 
 `` fine , have it your way , captain . '' 
 albert smirked at him . 
 `` cut it out . 
 he was a kid . '' 
 `` he was a kid that killed people and would have been happy to kill you . 
 do n't be so idealistic . '' 
 `` hand me that bag on the wall . '' 
 lawrence reached over to the bulkhead wall . 
 along the lower section was a canvas bag labeled tender maintenance . 
 he pulled it from the velcro attachments and passed it to albert . 
 `` make it quick . '' 
 albert removed a small rasp from the bag . 
 he located two bullet holes in the rib and used the rasp to roughen the surface around them . 
 he then put away the rasp , swapping it for a small bottle of alcohol and a cloth . 
 he soaked the cloth down with alcohol and wiped the cloth on the area around the two holes . 
 he put away the bottle and cloth . 
 next out of the bag was a tube of contact cement . 
 albert opened the tube and squeezed its contents in two circles around each hole , one bigger in diameter than the other . 
 he capped the tube and put it back in the bag . 
 lastly , he pulled out two discs or circles of black rubber . 
 he handed the bag back to lawrence . 
 albert placed one disc over the first hole and the second disc over the other hole . 
 using his fingers , he carefully massaged each circle firmly against its respective circles of glue . 
 albert pointed above lawrence 's head . 
 `` please hand me that roll of black duct tape . '' 
 lawrence reached overhead and removed the duct tape from its location . 
 he handed the tape to albert . 
 albert peeled off a long section of tape . 
 he pressed one end on the bottom of the hull , and then wrapped it up around the tube and into the sole of the tender . 
 he repeated this step , applying nine more strips of duct tape . 
 lawrence took the almost empty roll of tape , placing it back in its holder . 
 albert said , `` let 's put no more than fifteen pounds of pressure in the tube . 
 we can add more when the glue sets up completely . '' 
 lawrence took that to indicate it was his duty . 
 he pulled an air line off the bulkhead , extended it , found the air valve on the tube , and pumped in air . 
 when the air gauge , located on the end of the air line , hit fifteen pounds , he stopped the compressor . 
 lawrence said , `` let me check the radar ... we are in the clear . '' 
 he put away the air line and climbed up the aft companionway stairs . 
 albert moved back to the standing area near the stairs . 
 he located a small bucket in the garage . 
 it contained a small anchor and rode . 
 he normally used it when heading ashore in the dinghy . 
 albert carefully lifted the anchor and rode from the bucket , setting them down in the blood filled bottom of the rib . 
 he then pressed a button near the companionway marked , dinghy-unload . 
 the air compressor started again . 
 the starboard side of the rib began to lower . 
 the port side began to rise . 
 two lines attached to the tender , one to the bow and one to the aft , began to ease . 
 the tender slid gently into the deep blue pacific waters . 
 the rib had its port side flush against the aft section of teleport . 
 she was ready for boarding . 
 he removed his shirt , shoes , and pants , tossing them up on the bridge . 
 lawrence stepped over the pile of clothes and descended the stairs . 
 with the dinghy in the water , the aft garage was very roomy . 
 each of them walked around and inspected teleport 's condition . 
 they were finally satisfied the only damage sustained were the five holes and four dents - not including james and the dinghy , of course . 
 albert sighed , as he surveyed the body of james edwards . 
 he had only known the kid for a couple of days . 
 even though james had been the bane of some of albert 's troubles , he still had liked the kid . 
 notwithstanding his motives , james was a great enjoyment to albert at the baseball game . 
 lawrence said , `` what are you doing ? 
 he 's not coming back to life . '' 
 albert shrugged . 
 `` i know . 
 he was just a dumb kid and it cost him his life . 
 just disappointing . 
 that 's all . '' 
 he continued , `` lawrence , i 'm going to tie the anchor to the body and dump it off the starboard side . 
 please get the water hose uncoiled . 
 we are going to fill the dinghy up with water . 
 then , i will drive it around and everything should wash out the drain hole . '' 
 the rib featured a self-draining sole . 
 as it moved at speed , suction was created along the bottom of the hull . 
 this suction was sufficient to remove any standing water from the boat . 
 albert climbed carefully into the tender . 
 standing in his underwear , he tied the anchor line securely around james ' waist and neck . 
 he then lifted the anchor and tossed it overboard . 
 the rode quickly disappeared from the dinghy and pulled tight on james ' body . 
 albert 's took his last look at james , lifted him up with both hands , and watched him fall into the ocean , toward the bottom two miles below . 
 lawrence handed him the water hose . 
 `` hurry up . 
 this is n't a funeral service . '' 
 albert sprayed down the rib , washing the bone , tissue , and blood into the floor of the rib . 
 he was now standing nearly knee deep in bloody water . 
 he climbed back to the driver 's seat and pressed the electric start for the thirty horsepower outboard engine . 
 the motor came to life . 
 albert let it idle , while he unhooked the bow and stern lines . 
 he was now floating free of teleport . 
 albert engaged the transmission and accelerated the throttle . 
 the self-bailer began its job and the sole was soon relatively clean . 
 the dinghy and its rigid bottom were both black . 
 any remaining bloodstains were not readily apparent . 
 albert knew the blood could not be forensically eliminated . 
 he was only looking for visual cleanliness . 
 he circled the dinghy back to teleport . 
 lawrence was waiting with the lines . 
 the tender and teleport were both bouncing . 
 it took them a couple of minutes to get both lines hooked and tensioned enough for albert to climb back on teleport . 
 albert took the water hose and sprayed himself thoroughly with the cold water . 
 he stripped off the underwear and tossed them in the pacific . 
 lawrence said , `` i 'll check the radar . 
 get this mess cleaned up . 
 and put on some clothes . '' 
 albert finished washing off . 
 he sprayed the floor in the aft garage . 
 the garage was self-draining , also , with its floor sloped aft . 
 satisfied it was clean enough , he put away the water hose and stepped over by the companionway . 
 he pressed the button dinghy-load . 
 immediately , the ropes pulled taunt and the rib was drawn up into teleport 's body . 
 simultaneously the rails tilted back to horizontal and the rib was again resting comfortably in its nest . 
 albert reached up in the companionway and grabbed his clothes . 
 he got dressed and climbed up the stairs . 
 then , he reached up to the console , pressing the garage-close button . 
 the air pump started and soon teleport 's large trunk lid was sealed closed again . 
 lawrence was on the bridge . 
 he said , `` radar is clear . 
 what are we doing ? '' 
 `` let 's inspect the remainder of the ship . 
 make sure we do n't have any undetected problems . '' 
 lawrence said , `` fine . 
 after that ? '' 
 `` we 'll wait ` til dark . 
 then we are going to sausalito . '' 
 chapter 56 `` they are thirty-three minutes late , '' santana said accusingly to malete . 
 malete responded , `` sir , he promised to have remons global lawyers here at 6:00 pm . 
 probably some air traffic congestion slowed them . '' 
 `` except for world auto , there 's no one else in this building . 
 where 's bill shefford ? '' 
 `` he 's not answering his mobile phone . 
 i have sent several text messages and left two voicemails . '' 
 they heard the noise of the outer doors opening in the lobby and feet running across the foyer . 
 bill shefford half ran into the conference room . 
 he was out of breath and a little sweaty . 
 `` gentlemen , i 'm so sorry . 
 i was at the airport waiting on our attorney 's jet to arrive . 
 they are running late . '' 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 malete said . 
 he was on the hot seat with santana . 
 he had to be assertive . 
 it was always important to show santana his best side . 
 `` there 's a problem with the remons global jet . 
 believe me , i 'm getting it from both sides ; you guys and our attorneys . 
 i have lawyers sitting in a small airport hangar , without air conditioning , waiting on the jet to be serviced . '' 
 santana was good at smelling bullshit and his nose was burning . 
 `` shefford , this is nonsense . 
 what jet are they on ? '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 bill replied , trying to delay the inevitable question . 
 `` let me rephrase . 
 i noticed your jet at the airport , when i arrived . 
 are they flying out on remons ' jet ? '' 
 `` yes , '' bill replied . 
 `` it 's a new citation x , just like yours . 
 there 's something wrong with it ? '' 
 `` sir , the pilot grounded the plane . 
 maybe it 's some issue with the break in period . '' 
 `` cut this shit out , bill . 
 i 've already offered you a position on our staff . 
 now let 's get this done . 
 what happened ? '' 
 bill tossed a new lie . 
 it would be more believable , spun in the right way . 
 `` mr. santana , two of the attorneys were on the golf course . 
 they were outside of the bay area and in a valley up in napa . 
 said there was no signal . '' 
 santana was laughing . 
 `` bill , you are one of us . 
 a straight shooter for sure . 
 now , that 's a story i can believe . '' 
 santana looked over at his attorneys lined up six in a row along the table . 
 `` you guys ever pull a stunt like that , and i 'll fire you . '' 
 a chorus of `` yes , sir , '' followed santana 's statement . 
 he asked bill , `` when will the duffers be on the plane ? 
 what time is takeoff scheduled for now ? '' 
 `` four local time . 
 seven michigan time . 
 eta to troy is 10:49 pm tonight , according to the flight plan filed by the pilots . '' 
 `` thank you for the honesty . 
 so what should we do in the meantime ? '' 
 bill relaxed a little . 
 he tried stacking the deck more in his favor . 
 `` we should go eat a nice dinner . '' 
 he pointed at the catered meal on the tables alongside the wall . 
 `` i 'll send this meal to a local homeless shelter . 
 they always can use more help . '' 
 then he added , `` let me call mike . 
 he 's been here for two days straight . 
 you need to meet him , mr. santana . 
 mr. malete has already offered him a position with world auto . 
 dinner is on remons global tonight . '' 
 there was a huge wave of laughter across the room . 
 santana 's laughter waning , he said , `` bill , i really like you and look forward to your best efforts for world auto . 
 let 's run up a big tab on karl remons tonight . 
 how fast can we get limos on a sunday night ? '' 
 bill laughed . 
 `` no problem . 
 half the limo drivers in town are out-of-work auto plant workers . 
 they 're used to working sunday nights . 
 let me step out for a few minutes . 
 i 'll arrange the limos . '' 
 bill walked across the foyer to zanyer 's old office . 
 he went inside and closed the door . 
 first , he sent a text message to mike saying , `` you are eating with santana , malete and me . 
 get over here in the next hour , but do n't hurry too fast . '' 
 next , he called remons , on his public numbered mobile phone . 
 remons was again sitting on the upper deck , fourth bourbon of the day in hand . 
 he heard the noise of the phone vibrating on the table beside him . 
 he was relieved to see it was the published number phone , not the private number , that likely being another call from the strange voice . 
 he picked the phone up and pressed accept call . 
 `` bill ! 
 where are we at ? '' 
 bill was talking quietly . 
 `` my stalling has paid off . 
 i 'm headed out to dinner with santana and malete . 
 our attorneys will arrive just before midnight . 
 i intend to get santana 's attorneys drunk . 
 `` good ! 
 that is really good to hear . 
 but , our guys will be drinking on the plane . '' 
 `` no , mr. remons . 
 i had all of the alcohol removed . 
 the only drinks they will be consuming are water and cola . '' 
 remons laughed . 
 `` bill , you have always been a smart one . 
 keep up the good work . '' 
 `` mr. remons ? 
 that 's not why i 'm calling . 
 we are in deep shit . 
 i 'm intent on doing my best tonight , but there 's a high chance of remons global falling to world auto by the morning . '' 
 `` you fucking wo n't let that happen , or i 'll kill you ! 
 negotiate a settlement . 
 they can have plant 37 . 
 hell , they can have the entire automotive division . 
 i do n't care . 
 just find a settlement ! '' 
 remons did n't let bill answer . 
 he pressed the end call button and set the phone back on the table . 
 he motioned to one of the guards . 
 `` yes , sir ? '' 
 `` is the girl on board yet ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 two of my men have left to get her . 
 elizabeth has been locked in her cabin , without access to any phones , for the past hour . 
 her sister should be on board shortly . '' 
 `` fine , after the girl arrives , bring her , and elizabeth , up on the deck . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 the guard walked away . 
 he texted one of the guards ordered to pick up veronica . 
 `` status ? '' 
 a text came back immediately . 
 `` in place . 
 leaving shop in less than 5 . '' 
 the guard sending the response was standing with his partner in the patio area of dad 's coffee & more . 
 veronica was inside . 
 she saw the two patrons and had a good idea where they worked . 
 it made her skin crawl . 
 she walked outside and approached the supposed patrons . 
 `` gentlemen . 
 it 's a beautiful day . 
 what can i get for you ? '' 
 `` ma’am ... uh ... we are n't here for coffee . 
 your sister has been hurt . 
 it is not life threatening , but she wanted us to bring you aboard the owner immediately . '' 
 veronica was concerned ; she was worried about elizabeth , and she was skeptical about the goons ' story . 
 she pulled out a chair and sat down . 
 she needed to think . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 why did n't she call me ? '' 
 as she was talking , she was also texting elizabeth . 
 `` ma’am . 
 your sister is injured and she can not manage her phone . 
 she asked us to escort you to the owner . 
 the ship 's doctor is looking after her , right now . '' 
 veronica looked at her phone . 
 no response from elizabeth . 
 she stood back up . 
 `` ma’am , you should lock the store . 
 there are a lot of criminals around here . '' 
 veronica rolled her eyes at both of them . 
 `` really ? 
 i had no idea . 
 you guys know any of these criminals ? '' 
 `` ma’am , can we assist you ? '' 
 `` just wait a moment . '' 
 veronica ran back inside . 
 she emptied the cash register in a bank bag , opened the safe , stuffed it inside , and locked the safe . 
 she turned off all the lights , flipped the sign to `` closed '' , set the alarm , and locked the doors . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 veronica was in the lead . 
 she was in a hurry to help her sister . 
 the goons followed behind . 
 they walked out through the pier marina shops , turned left down the embarcadero , and then turned left at the private pier for the owner . 
 once at the gangway , she told the two guards , `` get out of my way . 
 i have to see elizabeth . '' 
 the men stepped aside . 
 her escorts ran ahead of her , leading the way to the forward staircase . 
 one of the guards whispered to another guard . 
 the guard ran off toward elizabeth 's cabin . 
 veronica ran up the stairs of the forward staircase . 
 she emerged on the upper deck . 
 a moment later , elizabeth emerged from the public aft staircase . 
 the girls saw each other at nearly the same time . 
 veronica ran across the deck toward elizabeth . 
 elizabeth was in shock . 
 she did n't know why veronica was there . 
 nevertheless , she did know something was wrong . 
 remons had never locked her away before . 
 `` liz ! 
 you are okay ! 
 the goons here said you were sick . '' 
 elizabeth realized what was happening . 
 remons had brought veronica aboard the owner , as a way to control elizabeth . 
 she hugged her sister and cried . 
 elizabeth knew there was a strong possibility her and veronica would not see daylight tomorrow . 
 remons did not trust her any longer . 
 he incorrectly believed she was in a conspiracy with max and albert . 
 bringing veronica onboard was his way of threatening her , in order to find out all that she had done . 
 when he had finished extracting information , there would no longer be a need for her services . 
 she would be fired , permanently . 
 chapter 57 it was 4:50 pm on the day after , the day after the first day of summer . 
 albert and lawrence were sitting on the salon and galley cabin top , enjoying the cool pacific breezes . 
 the seas had calmed considerably . 
 it was an idyllic peaceful setting -- a sailboat floating on calm seas on a sunny day . 
 however , the scene was wrecked by the view of totes tied to the deck , holding guns , ammo clips , additional ammo , cleaning rags , bottles of mineral oil , and alcohol . 
 albert and lawrence had just finished cleaning and reloading all of the weapons . 
 lawrence said , `` we have several hours until dark . 
 are we doing anything in the meantime ? '' 
 `` let 's check on max . '' 
 `` great . 
 that will burn three minutes . '' 
 albert had a cellular phone antenna and a repeater mounted on the top of the mast . 
 it dramatically increased the coastal range for a cellular connection . 
 he texted max , `` any trouble ? '' 
 max quickly responded , `` all is quiet at my rooftop penthouse . 
 me and sikorsky were just settling in for a nap . '' 
 albert replied . 
 `` all good here . 
 next check in at dusk . 
 text or call earlier if trouble . '' 
 max replied , `` roger that . '' 
 albert looked at lawrence . 
 `` max is still safe on his rooftop perch . '' 
 `` great . 
 now what are we doing ? '' 
 `` you have always been the impatient one . 
 remember when you walked out of mrs. barker 's second grade classroom two hours before the end of the day ? '' 
 lawrence laughed and leaned back against the sleek windows of the bridge . 
 `` that was a hoot . 
 she was boring . 
 i did n't want to be there . 
 we were n't learning anything . 
 why stick around ? 
 i knew my way home . '' 
 lawrence stone and albert pabek were best of friends from the first day they met . 
 it was second grade . 
 lawrence was the new kid at school , arriving on a monday , two months after the beginning of the school year . 
 there was a group of five boys in second grade that bullied the rest of the boys . 
 albert was not one of the bullies . 
 he was one of the bullied . 
 when lawrence arrived , the five bullies wasted no time pursuing their fresh target . 
 by lunchtime , lawrence had been punched in the face and kneed in the groin . 
 the second grade class ate lunch together in one large cafeteria . 
 lawrence sat down at an empty table , battered and bruised , wishing his parents had not moved to michigan . 
 albert sat at a different table with a group of boys . 
 the boys and albert were friends , but did not stand up for each other to the bullies . 
 lawrence had just sat down , at his empty table , and the bullies , all five of them , decided to eat lunch with lawrence . 
 more correctly worded , they decided to eat lawrence 's lunch . 
 albert watched as they took away lawrence 's tray . 
 lawrence 's face was flaming red with anger and embarrassment . 
 albert hated the bullies . 
 he could see lawrence was n't planning to sit still , while the bullies took his food . 
 a fight was imminent , and lawrence would lose . 
 it was five on one . 
 albert jumped from his seat and ran screaming at the bullies . 
 when he reached the table , he leapt on top of three of them all sitting on a bench together . 
 he kicked , punched , and flailed around . 
 lawrence swung his arms around like helicopter blades , banging the heads of the two bullies sitting on either side of him . 
 he screamed louder than albert . 
 it was a second grade lunchroom , not a back alley with seasoned criminals . 
 the bullies were momentarily stunned at the coordinated attack . 
 before the bullies could hurt albert and lawrence too much , an army of teachers swarmed the table , each grabbing a boy to keep the fight from escalating . 
 the lunchroom was in mayhem . 
 the other students were cheering , `` al-bert ! 
 al-bert ! 
 al-bert ! '' 
 albert , lawrence , and the five bullies spent that week in after school detention . 
 the teacher responsible for monitoring the detention had a unique method for handling the after school prison sentence . 
 the seven boys sat in one room , in a circle on the floor , facing each other , for an hour each day after school . 
 they were not allowed to speak . 
 they were not allowed to move . 
 the seven boys conducted ` eye-warfare ' for five one-hour sessions . 
 there were more threats levied against each other , through the eyes , than any teacher would imagine . 
 each day , after detention , the parents were individually required to pick up their children . 
 the parents received a daily report on the detention progress . 
 at the end of the week , all of the boys finished ` their time ' and were released . 
 it was friday afternoon . 
 when monday rolled around , albert and lawrence showed up at school , looking like normal second grade students . 
 three of the five bullies showed up . 
 each of them had black eyes . 
 one had a broken arm . 
 the other two bullies were home sick for the week . 
 rumors circulated the boys were too chicken to return to school . 
 albert and lawrence were legends of the second grade class at hilltop elementary . 
 following detention that friday afternoon , they had hatched their plan . 
 on saturday , they searched out each bully , one-by-one , systematically beating the crap out of each of them . 
 after that series of events , the pair was inseparable . 
 no one messed with either of them . 
 the legacy of mrs. barker 's second grade classroom carried them through high school . 
 chapter 58 the guards gently pushed elizabeth and veronica to remons ' upper deck sitting area . 
 `` sit down , girls , '' remons said in his most pleasant voice . 
 `` veronica , please give my friend here your phone . 
 you wo n't be needing it . '' 
 veronica was puzzled . 
 `` give him your phone , '' elizabeth said quietly to her . 
 veronica handed over her phone . 
 the sisters sat down in two chairs , each facing remons . 
 remons asked , `` would you like something to drink ? '' 
 `` no , mr. remons . 
 thank you anyway , '' elizabeth politely responded . 
 veronica shook her head , saying nothing . 
 `` sir , why is my sister here ? '' 
 remons answered her question , directing the response at veronica . 
 `` veronica , you are here because your sister failed to do her job correctly . 
 today , my pilot , the one your sister picked out , stole my twenty million dollar sikorsky helicopter . 
 along with my helicopter , he carried away two of my adversaries . '' 
 remons continued , setting the lie for both of them , `` fortunately , we were able to catch up with mr. pabek and his friend . 
 they decided living underwater was more favorable to them . '' 
 veronica screamed , `` no ! 
 you killed albert ? '' 
 he replied flatly , `` albert killed albert . 
 he killed himself the moment he bothered me . 
 i gave him several opportunities to leave me alone . 
 unfortunately , i guess he was not too smart . '' 
 veronica was upset . 
 elizabeth had tears in her eyes , but more for her and veronica 's fate , rather than albert 's demise . 
 remons turned to elizabeth . 
 `` you have failed me . 
 you are not to fail me again . 
 veronica here , she will stay aboard the owner , until such time i believe you can be trusted . '' 
 elizabeth nodded , `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` tell me , '' remons pointed at elizabeth , `` where 's the new helicopter and pilot ? '' 
 elizabeth 's mind was racing . 
 she wanted veronica and herself to live through the night . 
 more importantly , she wanted both of them to live through next week , next month and next year . 
 `` elizabeth ! '' 
 remons shouted . 
 elizabeth lied , `` i have found a pilot meeting your stringent requirements . 
 he is now driving here from reno , nevada . 
 he will check out the helicopter and fly it immediately to the owner . '' 
 `` what time ? '' 
 `` sir , he will arrive no later than 9:00 pm . '' 
 `` let me be perfectly clear . 
 not one minute past nine . 
 your job depends on it . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 remons motioned to the guards . 
 `` take veronica to her cabin . 
 i ca n't listen to her sniffling any longer . 
 she will remain a guest on the owner , until i instruct otherwise . 
 lock the cabin door and post a guard . '' 
 he turned back to elizabeth , `` do n't let me down . 
 go away and work . '' 
 a moment earlier , captain caltoan had climbed the forward staircase . 
 he was standing a few yards away from remons ' sitting area , waiting for the conversation to finish . 
 remons had seen him and now motioned him over . 
 `` are we ready to sail ? '' 
 `` sir , you earlier said we were sailing at twenty two hundred hours . 
 yes ? '' 
 remons frowned at caltoan . 
 it reminded him that the strange voice was controlling the situation . 
 `` yes , caltoan ... nothing has changed . 
 i just asked , ` are we ready . ' 
 that 's all . '' 
 caltoan was relieved . 
 he had some trouble and needed the remaining hours to fix it . 
 `` sir , we will be ready to sail at two ... at 10:00 pm . 
 however , there is a minor issue i need to address before departure . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 remons was standing up , as the words came from his mouth . 
 `` the power loss problem from friday and saturday ... well , sir , we drifted a long distance off shore . '' 
 `` so , what ! '' 
 remons was staring down at caltoan . 
 he did n't know what the captain was about to say , but in his gut , remons felt it . 
 he knew something had gone wrong . 
 `` well , sir ... we were offshore well beyond the twenty-four mile line . 
 i learned a few minutes ago just exactly how far offshore we were . 
 one hundred thirty eight miles . '' 
 `` and ! '' 
 `` and , sir ... i learned this from united states homeland security . 
 the regional director called me -- '' `` caltoan ! 
 you fix this right now ! '' 
 remons raised his hands and reached for caltoan 's throat . 
 he stopped himself quickly and lowered his arms . 
 caltoan said , `` yes , sir . 
 that 's what i 'm working on . 
 i have convinced homeland security not to board the owner for inspection . '' 
 remons sat down , an effort to personally restrain himself from strangling the captain . 
 it would only make matters worse . 
 even in a rage , he knew this to be true . 
 `` sit down , '' remons said quieter , with his teeth clinched firmly together . 
 he motioned to an attendant . 
 `` bourbon . '' 
 remons said , `` explain it to me carefully . '' 
 captain caltoan sat in one of the chairs . 
 `` sir , we were well beyond united states territory . 
 the us coast guard , they are part of homeland security now , watched us sail out on friday night . 
 we drifted out of territorial waters just before midnight on friday . 
 the us government does not have authority beyond the twenty-four mile line . 
 nevertheless , they can still watch what is happening . '' 
 caltoan took a deep breath . 
 one of the attendants handed him a bottle of water . 
 he lifted it to his lips and swallowed several large gulps . 
 `` hurry up , '' remons was glaring at him , unabated . 
 `` the us coast guard operates a fleet of hc-130 surveillance aircraft . 
 sir , they were watching us on radar from friday night , until we returned on saturday . 
 the hercules aircraft , that 's what they 're called , have long range , three hundred sixty degree radar systems on board . 
 the planes fly along the coastline ready to search for vessels in distress and always on watch for nefarious activity . '' 
 remons was n't stupid . 
 he knew what had happened . 
 he stared at caltoan , waiting for the rest of the story . 
 `` anyway , sir . 
 they watched us move slowly away from the united states . 
 then , on saturday , after one hundred thirty eight miles of slow movements , they watched as we started the engines and ran at full speed back to san francisco . '' 
 he concluded , `` they flagged us for two issues . 
 first , we did not clear us immigration and customs , upon our return . 
 this is the legal reason i was called . 
 second , our behavior , the movements of the owner , drew suspicion . 
 some radar operator flagged us as a potential drug smuggler of some type . '' 
 remons rolled the cold glass back and forth on his forehead . 
 in this situation , remons was powerless . 
 caltoan was the captain of the vessel . 
 he , alone , must answer to homeland security . 
 all other people on the owner were passengers under the control and command of caltoan . 
 `` what are you doing to fix it ? '' 
 `` that 's the fortunate part of the story . 
 the regional director called me . 
 the incident record , '' caltoan looked down at a paper in his hand , `` known as 2013-4498721-b , worked its way up the chain of command to the regional director . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` sir , you may not remember him . 
 his name is norris . 
 i invited him to survey the construction of the owner , while we were still in the european shipyard . 
 we sponsored his trip to europe and put him up in a five star hotel . 
 he was there for two weeks . 
 coincidently , his wife happened to be in europe at the same time . '' 
 a confident smile emerged on remons ' face . 
 he said , `` yes , caltoan . 
 so , he is deep in your pocket . 
 nothing to worry about ? '' 
 caltoan was smiling , too . 
 he said , `` nothing at all to worry about , sir . 
 norris called me as soon as the report was issued today . 
 i explained our mechanical issue with the owner . 
 i assured him no other vessels interacted with us in international waters . 
 i sent him a copy of our passenger list and stated clearly it was the same , both at embark and disembark . '' 
 remons raised his eyebrows . 
 caltoan knew what remons was asking . 
 `` sir , the head cook did not sail with us on friday . 
 he called in sick and we left without him . 
 we made no mention of your other guest , '' he was referring to albert , `` he was not in our manifest . 
 only the speedboat drivers were noted as joining us just outside the bay . 
 they remained with us until we returned to san francisco . '' 
 caltoan watched as an evil and mischievous smile spread across remons face . 
 `` good job , captain . 
 what else do you have to do to close this incident report ? 
 get whatever cash you need from farley . '' 
 `` no cash necessary , sir . 
 norris wants to early retire in a couple of years . 
 he 's looking for a consulting job after retirement . '' 
 remons laughed . 
 `` perfect ! 
 we can always use a man like that on our staff . 
 think of the connections ! '' 
 `` anyway , i have to go out to the island . 
 the interagency operating center is out there . '' 
 caltoan was referring to the us coast guard 's offices next to treasure island . 
 the large building was alongside the oakland bridge . 
 `` well , hurry up ! 
 i do n't want a late departure . 
 how long will it take ? '' 
 `` it should n't be more than a couple of hours . 
 it 's sunday , so no problems with traffic . 
 probably a maximum of three hours . '' 
 remons looked at the time on one of his phones . 
 `` that 's pushing it . 
 do n't be late . '' 
 `` i understand , sir . 
 we have to be delicate with the situation . 
 i 'm meeting with the regional director , but he wo n't be alone . 
 two of his subordinates will ask the questions and write the official statement . 
 the regional director will be guiding their actions . 
 we will be cleared of any concerns . 
 however , i have to follow his lead to get through this mess . '' 
 `` certainly . 
 i fully understand . 
 do n't screw it up . 
 i have faith in you . '' 
 remons stood up and extended his right hand . 
 caltoan jumped up also and shook remons hand . 
 `` thank you , sir . 
 i will not fail you . '' 
 caltoan walked away , standing proud and tall . 
 remons words seemed to have comforted and inspired him . 
 he was now more confident than ever in his ability to make the incident report go away . 
 returning to the bridge , caltoan summoned his first officer , jerrod perry . 
 `` yes , captain ? '' 
 `` mr. perry , you are in command of the owner . 
 i must attend to the ship 's business ashore . 
 i will return no later than twenty one hundred hours . 
 continue preparing the ship for departure . 
 we will depart at twenty two hundred hours . '' 
 `` thank you , sir . '' 
 perry strutted to the other side of the bridge , a big smile hidden from caltoan 's view . 
 he rarely had the opportunity to be in command . 
 caltoan descended to the dock level deck , stepped out of the ship , and onto the gangway . 
 he walked briskly down the private pier , crossed the street , and entered a parking garage . 
 locating his car was a challenge . 
 he had been aboard the owner continuously for the past three weeks . 
 he removed the key fob from his left pants pocket and repeatedly pressed the lock button . 
 finally , he heard the late model ford mustang softly beeping . 
 he reached the car , opened the door , and sat down in the low-slung seat . 
 pressing the start button , he said , `` please ? '' 
 the powerful engine roared to life . 
 he always worried the battery would be discharged . 
 weeks passed between his drives in the metallic blue sports car . 
 he drove slowly through the garage . 
 reaching the street , he turned right , on the embarcadero , heading for the oakland bridge . 
 caltoan glanced at the clock in the dash . 
 `` plenty of time , '' he said aloud . 
 `` no worries , mr. remons . 
 i wo n't let you down . 
 the owner will sail on schedule . 
 never late . 
 that 's my motto ! '' 
 chapter 59 it was 6:19 pm , on the day after , the day after the first day of summer . 
 teleport was adrift , fifteen miles off the california coastline , floating closer to monterrey than the mouth of san francisco bay . 
 lawrence was sitting on the salon cabin top and leaning back on the bridge 's windshield . 
 albert was on top of the bridge roof , asleep , but with one hand holding the smartphone , ready to react if the radar alarm sounded . 
 lawrence opened his eyes and looked around . 
 he twisted his legs around to the lower step of the deck for comfort . 
 he noticed albert asleep on the roof of the bridge . 
 smiling broadly , he yelled , `` wake up , albert ! '' 
 albert sprung up like a loose spring in an old seat cushion , hitting his head on the mainsail boom . 
 lawrence was rolling on the deck , hysterically laughing . 
 `` bastard , '' albert yelled back at him . 
 he rubbed his head . 
 `` albert , it never stops making me laugh . 
 you are so jumpy . '' 
 albert climbed off the roof of the bridge , stepping down on the salon cabin top and then down to the lower deck section . 
 `` you are a funny guy . 
 it 's a good thing i have felt sorry for you all these years . 
 otherwise , i would have put you in the water already . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , my dear friend , '' lawrence said , trying to use a british voice . 
 `` we must look after that bump on your noggin . '' 
 lawrence eased off the joking . 
 `` when are we heading back to san francisco ? '' 
 `` well , there in lies a problem . 
 would you believe the largest , brightest moon , the super moon it 's called , will be rising shortly . 
 it 's a waning moon now , but only since friday night . 
 it 's still plenty bright . '' 
 lawrence frowned . 
 `` so it 's going to look like daylight in the bay ? '' 
 `` probably so . 
 we will head in soon and take our chances . 
 hopefully , remons ' goons are out doing other dastardly deeds and will leave us alone . '' 
 lawrence asked , `` something hot for dinner , since we have the time anyway ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 i 'll cook us up some pasta and grilled chicken . 
 first though , i need to update our business partners . '' 
 albert pulled up a text message window on his phone . 
 he found the contact for rp wilson . 
 that was how it was listed in directories . 
 technically , it was rpw corporation . 
 rp wilson was slightly more discreet . 
 he texted , `` on schedule . 
 is your legal team ready ? '' 
 a quick reply came back , `` yes . 
 time ? '' 
 albert replied , `` 23:30 . '' 
 the response , `` location ? '' 
 albert replied , `` location b . 
 a is unavailable . '' 
 the response , `` roger . 
 23:30 . 
 b. '' lawrence was reading over albert 's shoulder . 
 `` i take it teleport 's slip in pier marina was ` a ' ? '' 
 `` yes , lawrence , you are a genius , '' albert grinned at him . 
 `` where 's `` b '' ? '' 
 `` one of rpw 's assets is a thirty-foot trawler at a marina in sausalito . 
 we will either meet them there , in the dinghy , or they will pick us up on teleport . 
 depends on how things go . '' 
 `` fine , glad we are on schedule . 
 now , let 's eat . 
 you can tell me more about the women while cooking . 
 i 'm looking forward to meeting them . '' 
 rpw corporation came to be a legal entity in 2009 . 
 however , its origins dated back to 1996 . 
 the year that all of remons ' partners died . 
 the founders of the company were mmes . 
 rogers , payne and wilson , hence rpw corporation . 
 the three women met during the grieving process . 
 payne and wilson lost their husbands in the colorado plane crash . 
 rogers lost her husband in the bicycle accident . 
 the women became close friends almost immediately ; the shared grief producing an inseparable bond . 
 each of them received the fifty million dollar buyout from karl remons , as part of the estate settlement process . 
 this made for a comfortable lifestyle for each of them . 
 they moved closer to one another , each raising their young children who no longer had fathers . 
 the years passed and the children grew up . 
 yet , the three women could not let go of their anger directed at remons . 
 in their hearts , they knew karl remons was responsible for the deaths of their husbands . 
 they watched daily news reports about how big remons global had become . 
 karl remons ' face inundated newspapers and television shows . 
 the women could not escape him , or the memory of their murdered husbands . 
 in 2009 , a man called mrs. wilson . 
 he claimed to have evidence linking karl remons to the plane crash . 
 the caller received the full attention of the three women . 
 it was during the winter . 
 a meeting was arranged at lake tahoe . 
 the caller had warned the women to be extremely careful . 
 karl remons was a powerful man with unlimited surveillance resources . 
 the caller suggested remons had been watching the three women continuously since 1996 . 
 he claimed remons had complete files on every miniscule detail of their own personal lives , as well as every detail about their children . 
 he strongly warned that any hint of action , perceived to be threatening to remons , could end up with their families being destroyed . 
 the women took the message seriously . 
 they knew remons had no conscience and would kill them if necessary . 
 two weeks later , the three women departed san francisco headed for a ski trip at lake tahoe . 
 the ruse of the trip was planned to the nth degree . 
 payne rented a chevrolet suburban , complete with four-wheel drive . 
 all of the ski gear was loaded in the suv during daylight and in the open driveway of wilson 's home . 
 they asked neighbors to check the mail . 
 suitcases , with enough clothes to last for five days of skiing , were loaded , again in the open driveway . 
 during the drive to tahoe , no mention of their real intent was discussed . 
 only talk of skiing , drinking , and having an enjoyable vacation was allowed . 
 the caller had warned of possible bugs in the car . 
 when they arrived in lake tahoe , they checked in to a hotel near squaw valley ski resort . 
 the women were wealthy ; therefore , it was unnecessary to share a room . 
 separate rooms also prevented any late night slips of the tongue , when one of remons ' people may be listening . 
 after checking in , the women found a quiet restaurant . 
 they ate dinner , drank wine , and laughed together for three hours . 
 then , it was time to turn in . 
 they were skiers and the mountain conditions were spectacular . 
 it would be a waste of an opportunity to sleep late the following morning . 
 the snow would be beckoning . 
 the next morning , the women ate a gigantic breakfast in the hotel . 
 an hour later , they emerged , dressed for skiing and carrying top of the line skis . 
 on the lifts they went . 
 at the first stop , they skied down to the next lift . 
 they climbed aboard and it took them to the mountain peak . 
 an hour passed following the opening of the lifts . 
 the women decided to get some coffee and rest a few minutes . 
 they sat at a picnic table , near the far edge of a mountaintop restaurant patio . 
 it was a bright , sunny day . 
 there was little wind . 
 one by one , the women removed their toboggans and ski goggles , to better enjoy the pleasant conditions . 
 they were laughing and sipping their coffee . 
 mrs. payne stood up and walked to the outdoor service window . 
 she ordered three mini-bottles of a coffee liqueur . 
 returning to the table , she promptly emptied the three bottles , one in each of their coffees . 
 it was a vacation . 
 there was no need to be fully sober . 
 fifteen minutes passed . 
 the coffee cups were empty . 
 the women were relaxed and carefree . 
 they noticed a handsome man and unabashedly stared at him . 
 the man noticed their interest and walked over . 
 he introduced himself and sat down . 
 mrs. payne went back to the service window . 
 she ordered four more mini-bottles of liqueur and four fresh cups of coffee . 
 returning to the table , the women laughed , mrs. payne poured , and everyone enjoyed the conversation . 
 during the next few days , the man and three women were spotted often . 
 he skied with them constantly . 
 often , they would ski the backwoods trails , strictly reserved for experts , as there was no ski patrol . 
 one day , he would be seen hugging and kissing on mrs. payne . 
 the next day , it was mrs. wilson . 
 another day , it was mrs. rogers . 
 the group received a lot of knowing stares from the locals . 
 they had seen it before - three middle-aged women out having a fun vacation . 
 they were anonymous and did as they pleased . 
 outside appearances are usually deceiving . 
 the women were all business . 
 everything was an act . 
 over a five-day period , albert and the women carefully constructed a business plan for rpw corporation . 
 they believed and trusted albert . 
 it would take several years to reach their goal , but the women were patient . 
 more importantly , they knew albert would be patient . 
 he had won their confidence and trust . 
 chapter 60 remons finished the glass of bourbon . 
 he stood up and motioned the attendant for a refill . 
 the attendant ran over and handed him a new glass filled with ice and bourbon . 
 he walked to the aft section along the upper deck , stopping atop the large painted `` h '' . 
 the sikorsky was still awol . 
 his men were searching all of the bay area airports . 
 he was confident the aircraft would be located . 
 he shook his head and continued walking until he reached the aft railing . 
 remons leaned against it and surveyed the water around him . 
 he was not a patient man . 
 it was still almost two hours before the stranger would arrive . 
 in his gut , remons wondered if the man would show up . 
 it was sunday . 
 the strange caller had been standing him up since two on friday afternoon . 
 he removed the public numbered phone from his pocket , intending to call bill shefford . 
 a second later , the private numbered phone vibrated in his other pocket . 
 remons scowled , put away the public phone , and pulled out the private phone . 
 it read , `` unknown number '' , like all the calls before . 
 remons answered , `` what ? '' 
 `` mr. remons , this is the head of your international partner operation . 
 that is no way to speak to me . '' 
 remons drunken eyes bugged out of his face . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir . 
 please accept my apology . 
 what may i assist you with tonight ? '' 
 `` you are late in transferring payments . 
 this is not acceptable . '' 
 remons ' head was spinning . 
 his international partners rarely called . 
 when they did , it was through even more discreet means than remons ' personal line . 
 they used human couriers for message transmissions . 
 the couriers usually died shortly afterward . 
 `` i understand , sir . 
 we will sail at 10:00 pm tonight . 
 all work will be completed . '' 
 `` you have until 12:00 pm tomorrow to move the funds . 
 presently , you owe us one point nine billion dollars . 
 every hour that passes will add an additional one hundred million to your debt . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 silence . 
 the caller hung up on remons . 
 his hands were shaking . 
 he put the phone in his pocket and took a large drink from the bourbon glass . 
 he was now working his way through the seventh glass of the day ; he was averaging one glass an hour . 
 remembering that he wanted to check on bill , and the plant 37 disaster , remons removed the public numbered phone from his pocket . 
 he pressed bill 's number in the contacts list . 
 `` evening , mr. remons , '' bill said . 
 there was considerable background noise . 
 remons had difficulty hearing . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 remons could hear bill making apologies to someone . 
 then , he heard him walking . 
 suddenly , it was quiet . 
 `` mr. remons , i am out having a late dinner with the world auto guys . 
 i stepped away from the table , so that we could speak candidly . '' 
 `` bill ! 
 it sounds like you are in a bar . '' 
 `` mr. remons , we are in a bar . 
 the drunker i can get these guys , the better off we are at the negotiation table . '' 
 `` bill ? 
 are you drunk ? '' 
 `` hell , no . 
 sir . 
 i 'm putting on a show for world auto . 
 i gave the server a hundred dollar bill . 
 my drink looks like a martini , but it 's just nasty olive water . '' 
 remons was laughing . 
 bill rarely heard that . 
 `` good work . 
 so are you going to save remons global ? '' 
 `` i 'm doing my best , sir . 
 i 'm paving the road for them to take the automotive division , with us promising not to fight them in court . 
 i hope to keep our loss at only auto . '' 
 `` do n't let me down . '' 
 bill seemed to get somber . 
 remons could feel it through the phone . 
 `` what else is wrong ? '' 
 `` it 's plant 114 . 
 well , technically it 's worse than just 114 . '' 
 `` if those bastards want to strike , then fire them all . 
 hire an entire new labor force . 
 we are n't building nuclear power generators in that country . 
 it 's just consumer goods ! '' 
 `` yes , we are building a lot of consumer goods over there . 
 sir , we have twenty-seven other plants there , besides plant 114 . 
 the state government has seized control of every one of them . 
 all twenty-eight plants . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i have dispatched additional emissaries and a large briefcase full of gifts . '' 
 remons knew what he was saying . 
 bill was trying to bribe the government officials responsible . 
 `` that was probably why the assholes did it to begin with . '' 
 `` i hope so . 
 they are on an international flight now . 
 at the moment , though , we do n't have control of more than 25 % of our holdings . 
 i wo n't know any more details until sometime monday afternoon , california time . '' 
 remons asked , `` what 's the financial impact ? '' 
 `` the twenty-eight plants are 65 % of our international profits . 
 we are losing more than two hundred fifty million dollars every day the plants are idle . '' 
 `` get it fixed ! '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` when will our attorneys arrive ? '' 
 `` i have talked to them two times during their flight . 
 they are landing in the next fifteen minutes . 
 i have the limo ready . 
 originally , i was taking them to the hotel and stalling until after midnight . 
 there 's no reason to stall now . 
 santana , malete and the world auto lawyers are pickled and ready for the negotiation table . '' 
 `` good work ! 
 call me with an update . '' 
 `` yes s -- '' bill noticed remons hung up on him . 
 `` well , that was rude , '' bill , said aloud , no one there to hear him . 
 he went back inside and sat down at the table . 
 turning up his drunkenness , bill looked at everyone and slammed his palms on the table . 
 `` okay ! 
 hear ye , hear ye . 
 i have an announcement . '' 
 santana and malete looked at bill . 
 mike did not . 
 his head was lying on the table . 
 he appeared to be asleep . 
 the world auto attorneys were in various stages of drunk -- from tipsy , ranging all the way to ` toilet please ? ' . 
 `` i demand that we drink one more drink . 
 a double shot only . 
 tequila . 
 the finest from the bar . '' 
 everyone began chanting , `` shot . 
 shot . 
 shot . 
 shot . 
 shot . '' 
 bill slammed his palms down on the table , again . 
 `` as the newest member of world auto , along with mike here , '' bill pulled mike 's head off the table . 
 mike smiled . 
 `` i must be the official party pooper . 
 that is , after the last double shot . '' 
 `` shot . 
 shot . 
 shot . '' 
 bill slammed his hands on the table once more . 
 `` i have just been informed the remons global lawyers , aka my former employer 's lawyers , will land shortly . 
 we must return to plant 37 . '' 
 bill then held his hands out and palms down . 
 `` quiet . 
 this is a seeccreet . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 everyone nodded . 
 `` tonight , '' bill was snickering , `` i still work for remons global . 
 we have to keep the secret . '' 
 `` yes , '' malete said . 
 he was chuckling with an obnoxious snorting sound . 
 looking at mr. santana he said , `` sir , he does work for us yet , sir ... he does not work for us , yet , sir . 
 agree ? '' 
 santana stood up from his barstool . 
 he fell onto the floor . 
 he stood up again . 
 `` bill , you are my man so kind that is tomorrow , right ? 
 ... with world auto ... not tonight . 
 i am sure you want ... so , like i said in the speech ... what ? 
 yeah ... do good ! '' 
 with that , the drunken group stumbled out to the van limousine . 
 everyone was prepared for the final signing of the handover of remons global to world auto . 
 chapter 61 elizabeth walked down the corridor , passed by her cabin door , and continued to the end of the hall . 
 a guard stood in front of the door . 
 `` matthew , let me in to see her . '' 
 `` ma’am , i have been given strict instructions . 
 you can not go in there . '' 
 elizabeth pounded on his chest , screaming , `` let me see my sister ! '' 
 the guard , matthew , pushed her away . 
 `` please go somewhere else . 
 you can not go in her cabin . '' 
 elizabeth stormed down the hallway . 
 she was looking for andrew . 
 he was always sympathetic . 
 he also always wanted to go out on a date with her . 
 she finished searching the floor with cabins and climbed down the public aft staircase . 
 andrew was in the speedboat , pulling a tarp over something . 
 she slowed her pace and her breathing , knowing a calm , earnest approach was the best method . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she said to andrew . 
 `` hi there , good looking , '' andrew smiled showing his craggily teeth . 
 `` i 'm getting some things ready for dumping later tonight . '' 
 he gazed down at the tarp and lost his smile . 
 `` who this time ? '' 
 elizabeth had been around long enough to know it was n't ship 's trash being dumped . 
 it was bodies . 
 how many was her only question . 
 `` randolf and collins , '' andrew said . 
 `` collins was my friend . 
 we hung out at the local bars together , when the scheduling worked out . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' elizabeth rubbed andrew 's back . 
 she said suggestively , `` is there anything i can do to help ease the pain ? '' 
 andrew turned and kissed her . 
 she kissed him back . 
 `` andrew , are we alone ? '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` i have been wanting you forever . 
 now is our chance . '' 
 andrew glanced around the garage area . 
 he did n't see any good options . 
 at least , he did n't see any comfortable options . 
 elizabeth pushed away from him . 
 `` my cabin . 
 five minutes . 
 hurry . '' 
 she ran up the staircase and out of his sight . 
 andrew finished bundling the bodies ; wrapping anchor lines tightly around each . 
 he walked over to the head located in the garage . 
 he washed his hands and his face . 
 then he sprinted up the stairs to elizabeth 's cabin . 
 he looked down the hall and made eye contact with matthew . 
 matthew was laughing and giving a thumbs-up motion . 
 andrew knocked quietly on the door . 
 `` come in . '' 
 he opened the door to the sight of elizabeth lying naked on the bed . 
 andrew stepped in the room and closed the door . 
 `` it 's my lucky day '' , he thought . 
 elizabeth climbed off the bed , at the same time saying , `` take off your clothes . '' 
 andrew shed his clothes . 
 his clothes were strewn around the room ; he pulled her to his now naked body and kissed her passionately . 
 she whispered in his ear . 
 `` lie down on the bed . 
 i want to tie you down . 
 it will be more fun that way . '' 
 andrew complied . 
 in the back of his mind , he wondered why elizabeth was finally interested in him . 
 however , in the moment , it was unimportant . 
 using his belt , she tied his hands to the bedframe . 
 she removed a belt from her dresser , pulled his feet together , and quickly tied them to the foot of the bed . 
 last , she took his t-shirt from the floor , ripped it in half , and tied the halves end to end . 
 she stuffed the knot in his mouth and tied the shirt around his head . 
 whispering in his ear , she said , `` andrew , i am sorry . 
 i suggest you lie here quietly . 
 screaming will bring attention . 
 attention will bring people . 
 that will bring a sudden and humiliating death . '' 
 andrew looked at her in shock . 
 he had been played . 
 she continued , `` your only hope is quietly figuring a way out of this situation , and then paying off matthew to lie for you . 
 i really do wish you luck . '' 
 then she kissed him on the cheek . 
 elizabeth found andrew 's gun . 
 clutching the gun barrel like a hammer , she opened the door , careful to conceal the weapon from matthew 's view . 
 still naked , she stepped into the hall and yelled , `` matthew ! 
 hurry , i think andrew is dead . '' 
 matthew , stunned by her nakedness , ran down the hall and into the room . 
 as he entered , elizabeth slammed the gun into his head . 
 he fell to the floor . 
 she hit him one more time , just to make sure he was dead , or at least unconscious . 
 she put on her clothes and a jacket . 
 then , she found matthew 's gun and the key to veronica 's cabin . 
 she ran down the hall , carrying the guns and the key . 
 opening the door , she saw veronica lying on the bed . 
 `` veronica , let 's go . '' 
 veronica looked up . 
 seeing elizabeth , she sprung off the bed and hugged her tightly . 
 `` what 's happening ? 
 i 'm scared , liz . '' 
 elizabeth said , `` we have to go . 
 follow me . 
 here 's a gun . 
 just be quiet . 
 if you see someone - point it and shoot . 
 we have to get off this ship . '' 
 they walked briskly down the corridor , down the public aft stairs and into the garage . 
 she reached over to the wall and grabbed two life jackets , handing one to veronica . 
 `` put this on and get on that waverunner . 
 put the gun inside one of the pockets . '' 
 veronica climbed on the back of the waverunner and stood on the aft deck section . 
 elizabeth pressed the button to open the aft doors . 
 slowly , the lower door descended and the upper door ascended . 
 `` hurry up ! '' 
 she was screaming at the door . 
 she put on the life jacket and stuffed the gun in a pocket . 
 finally , it was open , at least enough for the waverunner to get out of the owner . 
 elizabeth released the harness securing the waverunner and quickly jumped aboard . 
 then , veronica pulled herself forward on the seat and clutched elizabeth 's waist . 
 the waverunner began sliding out of the owner and elizabeth started the engine . 
 the powerful watercraft roared to life just as it slipped free into the water . 
 elizabeth shouted , `` hang on tight ! '' 
 she turned the handlebars and pressed the throttle with her thumb to its maximum position . 
 the watercraft shot off like a rocket on the fourth of july . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 veronica yelled . 
 `` plant 1 . 
 oakland . 
 remons ' porsche is over there . 
 it 's secured in the company garage . 
 remons leaves his keys with the car . '' 
 the other guards aboard the owner had heard the garage open . 
 it was too late . 
 elizabeth and veronica were gone . 
 on the upper deck , remons stood watching elizabeth and veronica disappear . 
 one of the guards asked , `` sir ? 
 what do you want us to do ? '' 
 remons replied , `` we do n't have the resources to deal with them , right now . 
 save them for later . 
 i know how to find that bitch . 
 we have bigger problems . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 the guard began to walk away . 
 remons reached out with his right hand and grabbed the guard around the throat . 
 `` i 'm not finished talking . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' said the guard in a choked , raspy voice . 
 `` figure out who screwed up . 
 kill them and put the bodies in the speedboat . '' 
 remons released his grip and walked away . 
 he was heading for the eighth bourbon of the day . 
 chapter 62 bill shefford asked the limo driver to make his first stop at plant 37 . 
 mike bell , malete , santana , and the world auto lawyers stumbled out of the limo . 
 bill stayed in his seat . 
 bill walked forward in the large , plush van and sat down immediately behind the driver . 
 `` find me a fast food burger place that is still open . 
 we will stop there first . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 the driver located a suitable stop on the right side of the road . 
 he pulled in the parking lot , triple parked the van , and opened the doors . 
 `` would you like me to take care of the orders , sir ? '' 
 `` no , thanks . 
 i 'm fine . 
 i 'll be back quickly . '' 
 bill jumped out of the limo van , ran across the parking lot , and passed through the double doors of the fast food restaurant . 
 a single cashier was available and he was third in line . 
 when his turn arrived , bill stepped forward . 
 the cashier , with fake enthusiasm and a phony smile , said , `` good evening , sir . 
 may i take your order ? '' 
 `` yes , '' bill seemed to have sobered up instantaneously . 
 `` i need six cups of coffee . 
 three black , two with cream and sugar , and one with sugar only . 
 i will also need six of the deluxe burgers , four orders of fries and two orders of onion rings . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 anything else ? '' 
 `` no , thank you . 
 that 's to go , if you had n't guessed already . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 your total is $ 48.36 . 
 cash or charge ? '' 
 bill handed her a fifty-dollar bill . 
 `` here you go . 
 keep the change . '' 
 five minutes later , bill gathered the food and drinks . 
 his arms full , he gently pushed the restaurant doors open with his back and returned to the limo van . 
 the driver had left the door open . 
 bill climbed in the van . 
 `` i brought you coffee , burger and fries . 
 rude to be eating in front of you . '' 
 `` thank you , sir . '' 
 `` let 's get to the airport . '' 
 the limo van returned to the street and made its way to the airport , arriving about ten minutes later . 
 the cessna citation x , known as air one , had yet to arrive . 
 bill and the driver stayed in the van , eating the food and drinking the coffee . 
 bill was finishing off his burger when he noticed the runaway lights brighten . 
 there was little traffic after dark at this airport . 
 he knew it was air one . 
 bill left the van and walked to the small terminal . 
 he passed through the building , waved at the guard , and walked outside on the tarmac . 
 looking west , he saw the plane approaching . 
 he watched it gracefully touch down and roll past the terminal as it decelerated . 
 it was a beautiful aircraft . 
 while he waited for the plane to taxi back to the tarmac , bill walked over to his plane . 
 air two was equally elegant . 
 bill had changed the paint scheme in a couple of subtle ways . 
 nothing remons would ever notice . 
 just enough for bill to mark his plane as different from remons . 
 air one pulled up on the tarmac . 
 the pilots were shutting down the engines and the cabin door was opening at the same time . 
 the four lawyers piled out . 
 each was clean-shaven and dressed in an expensive suit . 
 bill ambled over to the plane , smiling and greeting each of them . 
 half of any negotiation is appearance . 
 it places your adversary in a defensive position immediately . 
 if an opponent is acting defensively , they can not be acting offensively . 
 no offense means losing . 
 bill was a master of managing a discussion to his advantage . 
 within the next twenty minutes , he would step through the double doors of the executive conference room . 
 behind him , a wall of four well-dressed , high-powered attorneys would follow . 
 a drunken world auto group would fall back in their chairs , stunned and unsure of their next move . 
 all prior conceived strategies and feints would vanish from their mental playbooks . 
 bill and his team would take control of the meeting . 
 they would fight like hell to keep remons global away from world auto . 
 after the lawyers were out of the plane , bill climbed into the cabin . 
 he stuck his head in the cockpit . 
 `` this will be an all night negotiation . 
 please go to the hotel and get some rest . 
 the hotel is across the street . 
 you wo n't need a cab . 
 i have advised the air two crew our tentative departure time is 8:00 am tomorrow morning . 
 both planes will fly back together . '' 
 the pilot and co-pilot nodded , busy wrapping up their shutdown sequences . 
 bill climbed out of air one and jogged to catch the lawyers . 
 `` let 's do some battle , boys ! 
 i have burgers , fries and coffee in the limo van . '' 
 the group of five walked through the terminal , across the front parking lot , and climbed into the van . 
 it was a short drive to plant 37 . 
 the lawyers dug through the food sacks quickly . 
 bill called remons , on his public numbered phone . 
 remons answered , `` well ? '' 
 `` we are in the limo van . 
 the lawyers are with me . 
 negotiations start in ten minutes . '' 
 `` good . 
 do not let me down . '' 
 remons hung up the phone , not letting bill answer . 
 he was sitting on the upper deck in the posh sitting area . 
 he motioned to a nearby attendant . 
 `` bring me some food . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' the attendant replied . 
 `` and another bourbon ? '' 
 `` no , '' remons was leaning his head back on the chair . 
 `` not right now . 
 i have an important meeting , soon . '' 
 the attendant scurried off to the galley . 
 remons ' public numbered phone was still in his hand . 
 it began to vibrate . 
 remons looked at the caller identification . 
 it was captain caltoan . 
 `` where are you ? 
 you promised to be back at nine . 
 it 's after eight already . '' 
 `` mr. remons , '' captain caltoan spoke in a dismal tone , `` i am in the us coast guard lock up . 
 they have arrested me . '' 
 `` what ! 
 what the hell is going on , caltoan ? '' 
 `` sir , i reviewed all of the paperwork with the regional director . 
 i thought it was all handled . 
 then , they suddenly arrested me . 
 they said they knew the paperwork was forged . 
 they say i 'm going up on federal charges of terrorism against the united states ! '' 
 `` caltoan , '' remons whispered , `` you keep your mouth shut . '' 
 `` sir , i need you to send someone down here to explain and bail me out . 
 this is serious . '' 
 `` caltoan , as i said . 
 stay quiet . 
 it 's late . 
 i have our lawyers in michigan . 
 i will have them find a criminal attorney . 
 i will have someone there first thing tomorrow morning . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` in the meantime , do not say anything . 
 when we get off the phone , remove the sim card and break it in pieces . 
 then break the phone in pieces . 
 they will take your phone soon after you hang up . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` yes , thank you , sir . '' 
 remons ended the call . 
 he was now pacing a circle around the sitting area . 
 his head was swimming from the bourbon . 
 the last three days seemed to be blurred by an unending series of unexpected events . 
 now , he was worried about homeland security . 
 this department had an insatiable appetite for poking and prodding around in the lives and business dealings of executives like him . 
 they waved around the american flag and the patriot act , insinuating questionable threatening behavior must be occurring , when entities under investigation did not simply allow them to run roughshod through their business activities . 
 remons sat back down in the sitting area . 
 he placed the public numbered phone on the table and leaned his head back in the chair . 
 closing his eyes , remons wondered how things had gotten so crazy . 
 now , the private numbered phone was vibrating . 
 he snapped his head forward too fast , and a pain shot through his neck . 
 picking up the phone , he hit accept and yelled , `` what ? '' 
 the strange voice quietly responded , `` do not yell at me . '' 
 remons sighed deeply , almost in a resignation about the entire situation . 
 `` where are you ? 
 the meeting is scheduled to begin in less than an hour . '' 
 `` that 's why i 'm calling . 
 we will not meet at 9:00 pm , as discussed previously . '' 
 remons laid his head back again , closed his eyes and said nothing . 
 there was nothing to say . 
 this person had a power over him that was not fully understood by remons . 
 furthermore , he had pictures of the bomb used to take down the partners in 1996 . 
 karl remons , king of the world , was powerless . 
 `` thank you for being calm , mr. remons . 
 it will make things happen in a much smoother manner . '' 
 the caller continued , `` we will meet at midnight . 
 the owner will not sail tonight . '' 
 remons said nothing . 
 `` mr. remons ? '' 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 `` good . 
 mr. remons , tonight you will divest remons global and retire from business . 
 you will sell the business to my clients . '' 
 remons sat up and opened his eyes . 
 he first was scowling , but slowly moved to a smirk and then to a smile . 
 he felt an opportunity was arriving . 
 remons had not foreseen it , but suddenly , it had appeared . 
 it was there ! 
 remons needed to think more . 
 he stalled the caller . 
 `` why would i do that ? '' 
 `` you will sell my clients your business , because you do not want to be in jail . 
 it is really that simple . '' 
 remons ' drunken brain was working through the current problems : first , world auto was taking , at the very least , the automotive division . 
 he would be fortunate if bill could keep the loss only to automotive . 
 remons expected them to take the entire company . 
 the destroyer line was to be down for at least two weeks . 
 second , his international laundering partners were demanding a large sum of money . 
 even with all of remons global 's cash , he was going to have difficulty meeting the payment requirements . 
 now , he was accruing additional debt at a rate of one hundred million per hour . 
 third , a foreign government had seized plant 114 , and twenty-seven other plants . 
 he had been in this situation before . 
 remons global had no power to fix the problem . 
 it required an unending stream of bribes to get the businesses back and keep them in operation . 
 he could not afford to fund bribery payments and meet his international money-laundering partners requirements . 
 fourth , caltoan 's arrest was adding a new problem . 
 remons knew caltoan would roll over . 
 he would be granted immunity , in exchange for a tell-all on remons . 
 karl remons would spend the next two years fighting to stay out of jail . 
 then he would lose the fight and rot in prison for the remainder of his life . 
 `` mr. remons ? '' 
 `` i 'm here . 
 i will consider your offer . 
 we can begin negotiations at midnight on the owner . 
 we will hold off on sailing until tomorrow morning . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 your cooperation will make this go much smoother . 
 my clients will arrive precisely at midnight . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` oh , one more thing . 
 my client 's safety is of the utmost importance to me . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 nothing will happen to your clients . '' 
 `` for security purposes , my clients are each required to text a series of code words every fifteen minutes . 
 if i do not receive the code words on time , i have been instructed to immediately transmit to the us government , all of our research , about the plane bombing , as well as other illegal activities . '' 
 `` it will be unnecessary . 
 your clients will remain unharmed . '' 
 remons looked at his phone . 
 the strange caller had hung up on him ! 
 remons placed the private numbered phone on the table . 
 he picked up the public numbered phone and pressed redial for bill shefford . 
 `` mr. remons ? 
 i 'm in the negotiation . 
 can i call you back ? '' 
 `` bill , excuse yourself from the room . 
 we need to talk . '' 
 remons heard bill give an apology . 
 he heard the doors open and close . 
 things around bill were now quiet . 
 `` i 'm in the lobby . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` listen carefully . 
 we have a lot of trouble over here . 
 remons global is losing the war . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 remons could not tell him about the bombing pictures used as blackmail . 
 he concentrated on the other points . 
 `` the owner has n't processed any transactions this weekend . '' 
 `` i know , sir . 
 you are doing that tonight . 
 that 's still the plan , correct ? '' 
 `` no , i have constructed a different plan . 
 it 's not an ideal situation , but it 's the only possible way out of this mess . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` caltoan has been arrested . 
 homeland security flagged the owner during our offshore drifting breakdown . 
 we did n't clear in or out of us customs . 
 they are digging deep and we are exposed . '' 
 remons continued , `` there 's more . 
 world auto will ... listen , bill i know you are doing your best . 
 they will end up with the auto division -- best case . 
 they could end up with the entire company . '' 
 bill sighed . 
 he knew remons was right . 
 `` finally , this whole thing with the foreign government seizing twenty-eight plants . 
 that 's a big chunk of our free cash flow . '' 
 `` yes , it is . 
 but i still do n't understand what you are thinking . '' 
 `` there has been an anonymous caller bugging me for a few days . 
 he is representing a buyer . 
 they want remons global . '' 
 `` you are going to sell ? 
 really , karl ? '' 
 `` listen carefully . 
 by this time tomorrow , remons global wo n't be mine to sell . '' 
 bill said nothing . 
 `` i 'm going to sell it tonight . 
 it will be a fire sale . 
 the european banks will be open at midnight , california time . 
 i will be insisting on wire transfers immediately . 
 as soon as my banks get the money , they will be instructed to move out the funds to my distributed accounts . '' 
 bill asked , `` it 's a tricky move . 
 what 's in it for me ? '' 
 remons smiled . 
 he knew bill was onboard now . 
 `` you will get five percent of whatever we can get . 
 you have to trust me on this . 
 no paperwork . 
 i 'll move the money to your account late tomorrow . '' 
 bill was silent for a moment . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` back to your role . 
 here 's what i need . 
 wrap up the negotiation with world auto . 
 do it fast . 
 buy us some time for the takeover . 
 get out of there within the next hour . 
 i want you and the lawyers in the jets and headed for california as fast as possible . 
 my meeting with the buyers begins at midnight . 
 we will be waiting on your arrival . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 bill pressed end call . 
 remons had not hung up on him first . 
 he walked back in to the executive conference room . 
 `` mr. santana . 
 mr. malete . 
 may i have a short word with my attorneys ? '' 
 bill and the four attorneys stood up . 
 they walked across the lobby to zanyer 's old office and closed the doors behind them . 
 tomkins , the first attorney , said , `` what 's up ? 
 was that remons ? '' 
 bill replied , `` listen carefully ... '' bill gave the attorneys a short version of the story . 
 he explained remons ' intention to sell the company overnight . 
 he stressed the urgency of wrapping up negotiations with world auto . 
 they needed to be on the plane and headed back to california immediately . 
 adams , the second attorney , uncharacteristically said , `` wow ! '' 
 bill asked the attorneys , `` how do the contract modifications by world auto look ? '' 
 tomkins replied , `` the language is fine . 
 but , we are giving away the company . 
 that 's not really a good strategy . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 bill asked . 
 king , the third attorney , answered , `` six tomorrow morning . 
 less than seven hours from now . '' 
 `` alright , here 's what we will do . 
 we agree to sign , as long as they change it to 9:00 am local time , instead of 6:00 am , local time . 
 they can keep the other clauses . '' 
 ferris , the fourth attorney , said , `` bill , they wo n't buy us rolling over so fast . '' 
 `` yes , they will . 
 they 're all drunk . 
 they think i am drunk , too . 
 i already have a job on the world auto staff . 
 santana gave it to me personally . '' 
 the group of finely dressed lawyers all smiled deviously , admiring bill 's cunning ways . 
 he was behaving like a corporate attorney and they were impressed . 
 bill said , `` okay , let 's get this done . 
 we have a plane to catch . 
 let 's make it a good show . 
 adams and tomkins - i want you to argue with me . 
 tell me i am making a mistake and remons will not approve . 
 king and ferris - i want you to be indifferent . 
 i told world auto you were golfing all day . 
 act like you are still bothered by the golf outing being cancelled . 
 we need to be quick . '' 
 bill walked back to the conference room doors , pulled them open , and stumbled in the room . 
 the lawyers were chasing after him . 
 `` mr. santana , '' bill was wavering off balance slightly . 
 `` i accept . 
 we , of remons global can accept your offer -- '' tomkins interrupted , `` mr. shefford , please . 
 we are not agreeing with your de -- '' `` shut up ! '' 
 bill interrupted tomkins and pointed his finger at him . 
 `` karl remons has authorized me to make the decisions . 
 i am an officer of this company and have a letter from karl remons himself . '' 
 bill held up the letter signed and notarized by remons earlier in the weekend . 
 it had been couriered to bill , after remons told him he had full authority to settle the matter with world auto . 
 adams said , `` mr. shefford , we should discuss this further . 
 i do n't think -- '' `` shut up , adams ! 
 you 're a hack lawyer , and i do n't want your opinion . 
 i want to sign this thing and go to bed . '' 
 santana and malete were smiling like a couple of children . 
 a couple of children that were waiting for the candy store doors to swing open , and the owner to say `` take whatever you want . '' 
 ferris now stepped forward , acting as the mediator between bill and the arguing attorneys . 
 `` bill ? 
 please , can we make a compromise ? 
 the agreement says we must perform by 6:00 am tomorrow morning . 
 that is , we must have good stock of destroyer product to the world auto plant no later than 6:00 am . '' 
 bill sat on top of the table and his foot slipped . 
 he fell over slightly and then sat back up . 
 `` be careful , bill , '' said king . 
 `` please do n't get hurt . '' 
 `` i 'm fine ! '' 
 bill exclaimed . 
 `` we can change the time to 9:00 am . 
 nothing else . '' 
 bill turned to malete and santana . 
 `` if ... that is agreeable with world auto ? '' 
 santana answered , `` yes , it 's fine . 
 let 's get this signed . '' 
 the lawyers on both sides made the edits hurriedly . 
 bill and santana signed the documents in triplicate ; one copy each for world auto and remons global , and a third copy for submission to the courts . 
 `` show 's over , boys , '' bill said to the attorneys . 
 he shook the hands of malete and santana . 
 `` i look forward to seeing you in the very , very near future . '' 
 as soon as they reached the parking lot , bill pulled out his phone . 
 he called the pilots of both planes . 
 they were instructed to get to the airport immediately . 
 forty-five minutes later , air one and air two were in route to california . 
 the flight plan called for an estimated arrival to oakland airport at 1:17 am , california time . 
 chapter 63 elizabeth pulled the waverunner up alongside the dock . 
 they were in the oakland marina . 
 she looked at veronica . 
 `` step off carefully . '' 
 veronica climbed off the watercraft and stepped up on the dock . 
 `` give me your hand , '' veronica was reaching out for her sister . 
 elizabeth extended her hand and veronica helped pull her up on the dock . 
 it was a long , rough ride across the bay . 
 darkness had arrived . 
 the sisters were cold , wet , and hungry . 
 the women removed the guns from the life jackets . 
 the waverunner drifted away from the dock . 
 elizabeth tossed the lifejackets in the water and put the guns in her jacket pockets . 
 she grabbed her sister 's hand . 
 they walked out of the marina . 
 elizabeth pointed at the street intersection . 
 she said , `` plant 1 is two miles in this direction . '' 
 they began the two-mile walk . 
 the weather was cooling off and they were shivering . 
 veronica said , `` liz , we need some dry clothes . 
 i 'm freezing . '' 
 elizabeth said , `` just think about how warm the car will be . 
 we can blast the heater . 
 let 's walk faster . '' 
 almost in a slow jog , veronica said , `` i still ca n't believe that crazy story . 
 why did n't you tell me earlier ? '' 
 elizabeth was panting . 
 she was soaked , as most of the water spray from the waverunner ended up on her . 
 she also had the extra weight from carrying the guns . 
 elizabeth said , `` it was n't your burden . 
 it was my choice . 
 just because i was in a predicament , it need not involve you . '' 
 `` i 'm your sister ! 
 anything going on with you always involves me . 
 we are connected . '' 
 after walking twenty minutes , the women reached plant 1 . 
 elizabeth said , `` stick close to me . 
 look confident . '' 
 they approached the security guard at the gate . 
 he was reading a book . 
 noticing the women , he put the book down , and stepped out of the small building . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to bother you . 
 it 's me -- elizabeth williams . 
 mr. remo -- '' `` ms. elizabeth , i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't recognize you . 
 please accept my apology . '' 
 `` no worries . 
 i 'm just here to pick up mr. remons ' car . '' 
 `` yeah , i noticed he left it here . 
 he flew out on the helicopter and never came back . '' 
 elizabeth smiled . 
 really , really smiled . 
 she made a motion like she was drinking . 
 `` he was n't able to drive . '' 
 `` yes , ma’am . '' 
 `` please open the gate . 
 i have to get the car back to the pier . 
 he 's waiting on me and i do n't want to be in trouble . '' 
 `` certainly . '' 
 the guard opened the walk through gate . 
 `` i 'll open the main gate after you get back down here . 
 the car is in his parking spot . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 we will be back down in a minute . '' 
 they passed through the gate and headed up the hill to the main building . 
 the guard returned to his seat in the small building . 
 he picked up the phone and called sam halsop . 
 `` sam halsop , speaking . '' 
 `` sir , this is tom down at the guard shack . 
 ms. elizabeth is here to pick up mr. remons ' car . 
 i was just checking with you -- making sure it was acceptable . 
 i 've let them inside to get the car , but the gate is still closed . '' 
 `` them ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 yes , sir . 
 she has a woman with her . 
 i 've never seen her before . 
 maybe family ? '' 
 `` thanks for calling me . 
 do n't open the gate . 
 i 'm on my way downstairs . 
 if you see them before me , then tell them i have to personally sign out the car . 
 it 's mr. remons ' orders . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 elizabeth and veronica were seated in the porsche . 
 elizabeth was adjusting the seat and studying the controls . 
 `` liz ? 
 you know how to drive this car ? '' 
 `` barely . 
 i 've had to take it to the dealership a couple of times . 
 i 'm still getting used to it . '' 
 veronica was hyperventilating . 
 `` where are we going ? 
 we ca n't go home . 
 what are we doing ? 
 this is crazy . 
 our lives are ruined ! '' 
 `` calm down , '' elizabeth was trying to put her arm around her in the cramped confines of the car . 
 `` we will figure this out . 
 i just need some time to think . 
 we need to go somewhere safe . '' 
 there was a knock on the driver 's side window . 
 elizabeth and veronica both screamed . 
 sam said , `` elizabeth ! 
 unlock the door . '' 
 she looked up and saw sam halsop 's face . 
 he repeated , `` unlock the door , please . '' 
 elizabeth unlocked the door . 
 sam opened it and squatted in the doorway , closely facing elizabeth . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` you scared me . 
 why did you do that ? '' 
 `` i was n't trying to scare you . 
 answer my question . 
 it 's after dark on a sunday night . 
 why are you over here ? '' 
 `` mr. remons asked me to pick up the porsche . '' 
 `` where are you taking the car ? '' 
 `` downtown . 
 to the pier . 
 he wants it there . '' 
 `` you 're lying to me . 
 remons is sailing tonight . 
 he has probably already left . '' 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 sam was looking at veronica . 
 `` my sister , veronica . 
 we were out to dinner -- when remons called for me to get the car . '' 
 `` hi . 
 i 'm sam . 
 i am the plant manager . '' 
 veronica said , `` hello . '' 
 elizabeth had the guns in her jacket , but it was in the backseat . 
 she would kill sam , if necessary . 
 they were n't going back to remons without a fight . 
 `` answer my question , truthfully . 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 elizabeth began crying . 
 `` sam , you have to help us . 
 remons was going to kill both of us . 
 we escaped from the owner on a waverunner . 
 it was horrible ! '' 
 she reached out and clutched his neck tightly . 
 sam seemed moved by the story . 
 `` that 's crazy . 
 i mean remons -- we know what he does , but really ? 
 you ? 
 and , your sister , too ? '' 
 veronica exclaimed , `` it 's true . 
 please do n't tell remons . 
 i do n't want to die ! '' 
 `` calm down , both of you . 
 we will get this figured out . '' 
 sam reached for his mobile phone . 
 `` no ! 
 sam you ca n't call anyone ! 
 he will find us . '' 
 `` trust me . 
 i 'm not calling remons . '' 
 sam pressed a number on the phone . 
 `` yes , mr. halsop ? '' 
 `` tom , i met up with elizabeth . 
 her story is true . 
 remons wants the car on the pier . 
 however , she has a few hours to get it over there . 
 it does n't have to be there until tomorrow morning . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 sam was laughing . 
 `` get this . 
 just keep it between you and me . 
 we do n't want ms. elizabeth to get in trouble . 
 i kind of like her . '' 
 `` yeah , of course . '' 
 `` anyway , she was going out for a sunday night drive , before taking the car to remons ' parking place on the pier . 
 kind of our version of stealing a couple of pencils . '' 
 tom started laughing . 
 `` that 's funny . 
 everybody has some kind of quirk . 
 so it 's okay to let her through the gate ? '' 
 `` yes , of course . 
 right now , though , i am working on getting a date . 
 i 'm really turning on the charm . 
 wish me luck . 
 they are going to spend a few hours here . 
 i have some chinese being delivered later . 
 will you send the driver up , when he arrives ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` thanks , tom . '' 
 sam pressed the end call button . 
 `` i 've bought you a few hours . 
 we can go inside and talk . 
 we can use bill 's office . 
 he 's in michigan working on a big problem . '' 
 the women climbed out of the car . 
 elizabeth grabbed her jacket from the backseat . 
 then the trio walked in the building , entered the elevator , and headed up to the seventh floor . 
 the doors opened and they stepped out . 
 elizabeth had been there many times before . 
 for veronica , though , it was a new experience . 
 veronica looked around in awe at the expensive décor . 
 she said , `` this is incredible . 
 liz , you never told me about this office . '' 
 sam guided them to the sitting area in bill 's office . 
 he said , `` please sit down . 
 i 'll find some blankets to help warm you two up . '' 
 he walked off to bill 's apartment . 
 veronica and elizabeth were clutching each other , shivering from cold and fear . 
 the last few hours had been traumatic . 
 sam returned with two heavy blankets . 
 the waterlogged pair of women eagerly accepted them . 
 then , he started the discussion , `` so , you two have to give me more details . 
 what has happened ? 
 talk slow and let 's try to figure this out . '' 
 elizabeth started talking . 
 then veronica jumped in . 
 they were n't talking slow , at all . 
 sam settled in to the chair . 
 it was going to be a long night of listening for him . 
 chapter 64 it was 9:20 pm , on the day after , the day after the first day of summer . 
 the golden gate bridge was directly ahead . 
 darkness had arrived . 
 the bridge lights spread across the entrance to san francisco bay . 
 albert and lawrence both sat in the cockpit , uncharacteristically quiet . 
 teleport was motoring along slowly , moving at seven knots per hour . 
 there was no hurry . 
 the sausalito marina was less than five miles ahead , beyond the bridge and to the north . 
 rp wilson , or rpw corporation , was not expecting them until 11:30 pm . 
 albert had turned on the navigation lights an hour earlier . 
 on the bow , a red light glowed on the port side and a green light glowed on the starboard side . 
 two-thirds way up the mast , a white light , facing only forward , was shining . 
 it was called the masthead light , sometimes the steaming light , and indicated to other vessels that teleport was moving under power , as opposed to sail . 
 finally , there was a white light on the aft of teleport . 
 it was known as the stern light . 
 other than the required navigation lights , teleport was completely dark . 
 albert and lawrence had shut off all interior cabin and deck lights . 
 the bridge was dark , too . 
 only a small glow from the port side 19 '' display could be seen . 
 it was set so dim , that albert could hardly make out the details on the radar screen . 
 the lifelong friends were nervous , that 's why they were quiet . 
 purposely sailing back into the jaws of death was not an easy task . 
 it had been a very long day , and a very long night was still in front of them . 
 albert watched the radar . 
 lawrence , at the ready with one of the semi-automatics , stared into the darkness . 
 `` another bogey . 
 two o’clock at 3,900 yards . 
 it 's on a direct path . '' 
 `` i 'm looking . 
 got it . 
 i 'm not sure , albert . 
 looks like a fishing boat . 
 no , it 's a tug . '' 
 `` changing course heading . 
 let 's make sure he does n't alter with us . '' 
 albert rolled the wheel to starboard . 
 teleport turned from an easterly to a southerly heading , now moving parallel to the bridge on its starboard flank . 
 `` it 's holding its original heading . 
 looks to be passing about 2,400 yards off our stern . 
 possibly heading out to sea . 
 i 'm returning to our planned course . '' 
 albert rolled the wheel back to port , choosing a northeasterly heading . 
 they were closing in on the point and could soon turn north up to sausalito . 
 pointing at the radar , albert said , `` look at that . 
 what is it ? '' 
 there was a blip moving at high speed , more than thirty knots per hour , across the bay . 
 `` it 's two miles out and headed directly for us . 
 can you see it ? '' 
 `` i do n't see anything . '' 
 lawrence was standing on the deck outside the starboard bridge door . 
 `` there are no lights . '' 
 `` one mile . 
 still aiming right at us . 
 i ca n't outrun it . 
 not in the dark . 
 it 's too dangerous . '' 
 lawrence was peering into the darkness . 
 `` nothing ! 
 i do n't see it . 
 are you sure ? 
 wait ! '' 
 something flashed across the moonlit bay . 
 `` it 's small . 
 what a dumbass ! '' 
 lawrence stepped back down into the bridge . 
 `` it 's some idiot on a personal watercraft . 
 no lights . '' 
 albert was watching the radar . 
 the object was on a collision course . 
 it probably was a drunk . 
 a drunk headed for a crash with teleport . 
 `` hit him with the pistol flood light . 
 hurry ! '' 
 albert pulled the light off the ceiling clip and handed it to lawrence . 
 `` just a burst . 
 hopefully that will wake him up and he 'll turn away . '' 
 lawrence braced himself in the doorway , aimed the light , and hit the on button . 
 a bright beam shot across the water , illuminating the starboard side of teleport and flashing in the allegedly drunk driver 's eyes . 
 lawrence shut off the light . 
 the driver slowed down the watercraft and let it drift to a stop . 
 it was almost immediately alongside teleport . 
 there was a young kid onboard . 
 he was drunk . 
 `` what the hell you doin ' that for , asshole ? 
 you could have blinded me and all that . '' 
 lawrence stared down at him . 
 `` you dumbass . 
 kill yourself some other way . 
 do n't involve motor vehicles . 
 somebody else usually dies , along with dumbasses like you . '' 
 `` listen , dude . 
 i was just minding my business and going home . 
 you old bastard . '' 
 the driver fired up the watercraft and sped off into the darkness . 
 albert was laughing at lawrence . 
 `` put the light up -- ` you old bastard ' . 
 let 's find a mooring . 
 all we need is the moonlight . '' 
 albert turned teleport to port and was now heading north . 
 they passed a marina on the left . 
 the people from rpw corporation would be there , soon . 
 he kept motoring north and found a semi-isolated mooring field . 
 lawrence removed the boat hook from its latches on the bridge top . 
 albert handed him a small handheld radio . 
 `` do n't drop it . '' 
 lawrence walked forward to the bow , stepping around the furled headsail and into the bow pulpit . 
 he talked softly into the radio , `` slower . '' 
 albert slowed teleport to one knot per hour . 
 lawrence spotted his desired mooring ball , just slightly to port , otherwise straight ahead . 
 `` turn ten degrees to port . 
 slower . 
 neutral . '' 
 there was silence for a moment . 
 albert could not see lawrence in the darkness . 
 `` got it ! 
 shut off the engines . '' 
 albert initiated the shutdown routine . 
 he put the perkins brothers down for a nap , and then worked through powering down the electrical circuits . 
 a few minutes passed . 
 he noticed lawrence hunched over the bow . 
 it seemed to be taking too long . 
 albert stepped up on the deck and walked forward . 
 lawrence was lying on the bow , motionless . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` resting . 
 i did my part . 
 just waiting on you . 
 are you finally finished ? '' 
 `` get up , you sorry excuse for a best friend . 
 yes , i 'm done . 
 let 's get the tender out and go find rpw . '' 
 the duo walked down the opposing sides of the deck , each stepping down on to the bridge from their respective doorway . 
 `` guns ? '' 
 lawrence asked . 
 albert thought for a moment . 
 `` no , we ca n't risk being boarded by the authorities while crossing the bay . 
 anyway , remons wo n't let us on board with any weapons . '' 
 `` that 's your call . '' 
 lawrence said while he descended the aft companionway . 
 he reached over and pressed the garage-open button . 
 the air compressor started and the large rear facing deck began rising into the dark night sky . 
 he next pressed the dinghy-unload button . 
 the lines began extending , the floor tilted aft , and the rib slid into the water . 
 lawrence walked to the edge of teleport 's stern . 
 he found the painter , a short rope attached to the bow of the dinghy , and gripped it tightly . 
 then , he unhooked the bow and stern lines used for loading and unloading the boat . 
 the dinghy floated free . 
 albert tied the painter to one of the stern cleats on the hull just outside the garage . 
 he pushed the tender away from the large garage opening and stepped back to the controls . 
 finally , he pressed and held the garage-close button . 
 the air compressor started again and the lid slowly slid back into the closed and sealed position . 
 lawrence climbed up the companionway stairs . 
 albert was standing there waiting . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 `` aye , aye , captain . 
 let 's do some business ! '' 
 `` do n't salute me or i 'll push you in . '' 
 albert checked once more to be sure all lights were off . 
 he walked up to the bow , broke the seal on a fluorescent stick , and twisted it around the bow pulpit . 
 the stick glowed faintly - just enough for them to easily spot teleport later , if it was still dark . 
 lawrence closed both bridge doors and locked them securely . 
 albert walked from the bow . 
 `` check the locks and alarm . 
 we should be all green . '' 
 albert pulled out his phone . 
 he pressed a couple of buttons . 
 `` yes , we are all green . 
 now , give me your wallet and phone . '' 
 `` you crook . 
 i 'll keep it , thank you . '' 
 `` for the dry bag , bonehead . 
 we need to get in the tender . '' 
 lawrence handed him the wallet and phone . 
 albert put them in the dry bag , along with his phone and wallet . 
 he zipped it closed and tied the bag snuggly around his waist . 
 the pair walked further aft . 
 lawrence untied the painter and pulled the dinghy alongside teleport . 
 `` after you . 
 this is your party . '' 
 albert climbed aboard carefully and moved to the stern area . 
 he started the engine . 
 lawrence climbed in and pushed them away from teleport . 
 albert drove the dinghy slowly , heading toward the marina lights . 
 several boats were moored between them and their destination . 
 he weaved around the dark and still objects , reaching the marina ten minutes later . 
 he said , `` find dock 4 . 
 we are looking for slip 731 . '' 
 they motored slowly along the ends of the docks . 
 `` this one . 
 turn here . '' 
 lawrence pointed from his bow position . 
 albert slowed the dinghy and turned down the long waterway . 
 they were almost just drifting . 
 they ignored the boats that were dark -- no lights indicating no one was home . 
 finally , they reached the vessel of their search . 
 painted on the stern were three large capital letters , `` r p w '' . 
 lawrence looked back at albert . 
 `` i think this is the right one . '' 
 albert ignored his smartass comment . 
 `` grab the stern and tie us off . '' 
 as lawrence tied off the boat , several figures stepped out into the darkness . 
 they were standing on the aft section of rpw . 
 `` good evening , ladies , '' albert said quietly . 
 `` i hope the lawyers are with you . 
 we have a business to purchase tonight . '' 
 lawrence climbed aboard rpw first . 
 he introduced himself , while albert was carefully getting out of the tender . 
 albert stepped over the stern rail , reaching the security of the boat 's aft sitting area . 
 the three women hugged albert . 
 lawrence seemed jealous . 
 ms. rogers said , `` it 's so good to see you again . '' 
 ms. payne said , `` albert , i still remember all the fun we had skiing years ago . 
 that week changed my life . 
 you are our hero . 
 we have all been looking forward to this night . '' 
 ms. wilson said nothing . 
 she simply kissed albert on the cheek and hugged him tightly . 
 then she whispered in his ear , `` thank you for doing all of this . 
 it means the world to me . '' 
 ms. rogers opened the sliding door to the salon . 
 `` let 's step inside . 
 we only have a few minutes . 
 i want to introduce our legal team . '' 
 the group of five walked into the salon . 
 rpw corporation had retained the services of the firm , talesor & daniels . 
 the principals , talesor and daniels , were standing in the salon . 
 albert and lawrence shook their hands . 
 the formalities out of the way , albert started the discussion . 
 `` all of the documents are ready ? '' 
 `` yes , '' replied daniels . 
 `` we will take possession of remons global immediately upon signing . 
 the banks will open in europe after midnight , california time . 
 once remons agrees , the funds will be transferred . '' 
 `` how about the international operations ? 
 i 'm concerned about the timing . '' 
 talesor fielded this one . 
 `` not to worry . 
 we have all paperwork ready for the transfer . 
 the attorney representing the group is already in san francisco . 
 he 's at a downtown hotel . 
 he will meet us on the pier immediately following our disembarkation from the owner . '' 
 ms. wilson interrupted the discussion . 
 `` albert , we need to go . 
 it 's 11:35 . '' 
 she turned and looked at everyone in the salon . 
 `` are there any last minute concerns or questions ? '' 
 silence . 
 lawrence said , `` i 'll get the dock lines . 
 who is driving ? '' 
 ms. payne looked at albert . 
 `` you have taken us this far . 
 why do n't you drive us on the final leg of this multi-year journey ? '' 
 `` i would be honored , '' albert said , bowed and stepped forward to the inside bridge station , located on the starboard area of the salon . 
 he opened the bridge door to his right . 
 lawrence stepped through the door . 
 `` we are untied . 
 i have moved teleport 's tender to the empty dock alongside us . 
 you may depart at your leisure . '' 
 albert started the engine , moved the transmission to reverse , and eased the trawler from the slip . 
 a few minutes later , they had cleared the sausalito marina and were gently traveling across the bay . 
 the salon was quiet . 
 there was a mixed cloud of celebration , anticipation , and fear , hanging in the air . 
 the day of reckoning had finally arrived . 
 each person took in the last few moments of the ride across the bay in his or her own way . 
 albert turned off the salon lights . 
 `` we are almost there . '' 
 lawrence stepped out of the salon and walked to the bow . 
 albert eased the trawler up to the guest pier of remons global . 
 as the vessel entered the slip , he reversed the transmission and brought rpw to a gentle stop . 
 lawrence stepped onto the dock and tied off the bowlines . 
 albert walked to the stern and tied off the stern lines . 
 `` you ca n't park here . '' 
 it was one of remons ' guards . 
 he was talking to lawrence . 
 albert stepped out of the boat and onto the dock . 
 `` hey , good to see you . 
 remember me ? 
 you have nightshift duty this week ? '' 
 the guard said something into a radio . 
 albert said , `` we are here on official business . 
 tell your fellow thugs that the new owners are here . 
 relay that to remons . 
 he 's expecting us . '' 
 the guard spoke quietly into his radio , again . 
 there was a long silence . 
 no one moved . 
 finally , the guard received a call on his radio . 
 `` you are correct , mr. pabek . 
 mr. remons invites you and your party to join him on the upper deck . 
 please follow me . '' 
 albert and lawrence helped the women and the lawyers off the trawler . 
 the group of seven followed the guard down the dock and to the gangway of the owner . 
 albert led the way . 
 the group stepped aboard and walked to the forward companionway . 
 they climbed up two sets of stairs and arrived on the upper deck . 
 remons was sitting . 
 he was sitting in the same seat where albert had now seen him several times . 
 he did not stand up . 
 `` mr. pabek . 
 i thought maybe you had died in an offshore incident . '' 
 `` hey , karl . 
 no , i had some trouble , but managed to get it all taken care of . '' 
 then he added , `` i was wondering , as the employer of choice in the bay area , do you offer life insurance for your staff members ? 
 i bet the premiums are insane ! '' 
 lawrence pulled on albert 's arm , whispering , `` cut it out . 
 this is n't why we are here . 
 you are winning . 
 stop it . '' 
 albert backed off the harassment . 
 then he said , `` mr. remons , i would like to introduce to you rpw corporation . '' 
 the three women were standing behind albert , lawrence , and the lawyers . 
 the men moved to the side and the women stepped forward . 
 remons looked at them , puzzled momentarily and then fully aware of what was happening . 
 `` rogers , payne , and wilson , '' he said . 
 `` of course . 
 good evening . '' 
 he snapped his fingers at an attendant . 
 `` bourbon . '' 
 he motioned to the women . 
 `` please sit down . '' 
 the women sat in the remaining chairs . 
 two attendants quickly pulled four more chairs over for the men . 
 remons was momentarily speechless . 
 he sipped the bourbon and stared at them . 
 `` pardon my manors . 
 would you like something to drink ? '' 
 the women all shook their heads . 
 wilson said , `` my children grew up without a father , you sorry son of a bitch . '' 
 remons said nothing . 
 he seemed indifferent to the comment . 
 albert stepped in . 
 this was going nowhere fast . 
 `` mr. remons , rpw corporation is here tonight to purchase 100 % of remons global . 
 our terms are not negotiable . 
 this will be an all cash purchase and we will complete all paperwork within the next four hours . '' 
 he continued , `` in the unlikely event we are unable to complete the transaction , for whatever reason , a series of files will be transmitted to federal authorities . 
 within these files are complete details describing your direct involvement in the murders of the spouses of mmes . 
 payne , rogers , and wilson . '' 
 remons nodded , `` i acknowledge your interest in purchasing remons global . 
 i am willing to negotiate in good faith toward a mutually beneficial solution . '' 
 then he added , `` my lawyers will not arrive until 2:00 am . 
 they are returning from a problem in michigan . 
 i have instructed them to immediately come to the owner after landing in oakland . 
 i request we wait for their arrival . 
 i am confident we can find a satisfactory arrangement . '' 
 albert smiled at remons . 
 `` mr. remons , we are agreeable to your request . 
 we can wait until 2:00 am to begin negotiations . '' 
 remons stood up . 
 `` very well . 
 let 's have a midnight snack . 
 i previously asked my staff to prepare a meal for service on the upper deck . '' 
 he lifted his hand and pointed toward the stern of the ship . 
 there was a large table , with a pinned down white tablecloth and service for twenty people . 
 he looked at the group of seven people . 
 `` please , indulge me . 
 we have nothing else to do at the moment . '' 
 with that , remons led the way to the table . 
 albert looked at the women . 
 they nodded . 
 the group of seven stood up , walked over to the table , and sat down to dine with the devil himself . 
 chapter 65 air two touched down first on the oakland airport runway . 
 it slowed and turned off on the taxiway . 
 air one landed a few moments later and exited on the same taxiway . 
 the pair of cessna citations rolled to a stop in front of the terminal . 
 the attendants opened the doors of both aircraft . 
 bill stepped out of his plane and the lawyers stepped out of remons ' plane . 
 the men walked quickly through the terminal . 
 a stretch limo was waiting outside the entrance . 
 they all climbed into the car . 
 the limo pulled away , heading for the owner , a thirty-minute drive at this hour of the night . 
 bill asked a question , to no one in particular . 
 `` how quickly can world auto execute the terms of our contract , once it is past 6:00 am california or 9:00 am michigan time ? '' 
 tomkins responded , `` depends on which judge santana has in his pocket . 
 he may have the court order ready now . 
 in that case , it will get stamped at 9:01 am , if that 's what santana has going for him . '' 
 `` we need to set a strategy , '' bill switched gears . 
 `` let 's talk about where we are headed . 
 i do n't know exactly what we are walking in to . 
 unless a miracle has happened , remons is selling the company tonight . 
 we are here to negotiate the best terms possible . '' 
 ferris said , `` bill , this is n't rational . 
 it 's not feasible for this to happen , so quickly . '' 
 `` i hear you . 
 i know it is n't rational . 
 nevertheless , it is feasible . 
 we have to make this happen . 
 otherwise , remons global is taken out of our hands anyway . 
 not to mention each of us having to face remons ' wrath . '' 
 it was silent for the remainder of the ride . 
 the lawyers were mentally running through all of their checklists . 
 bill was busy thinking about the value of remons global and thinking about possible acquisition prices by the buyer . 
 the limo arrived at the pier . 
 it was just after one thirty in the morning . 
 they were ahead of schedule . 
 the doors were opened and the contingent of lawyers , and bill , stepped out of the car . 
 they walked down the pier to the gangway . 
 one of the guards said , `` good evening , mr. shefford . 
 mr. remons is expecting you . 
 he is on the upper deck . 
 please come aboard . '' 
 `` thank you , '' bill replied . 
 he led the group through the ship to the public aft staircase . 
 they climbed the stairs , reaching the upper deck to find the remains of a large dinner . 
 no one was sitting at the table . 
 bill looked toward the front of the ship . 
 everyone was seated in remons ' sitting area . 
 remons saw bill and the lawyers . 
 he stood up . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen , allow me to introduce my team . '' 
 the rpw contingent stood up . 
 remons pressed on , `` this is bill shefford . 
 he is my second in command , responsible for running our operations globally . 
 bill ? 
 i do not believe you ever met these ladies before . '' 
 the women stepped forward . 
 remons added , `` may i introduce mmes . 
 payne , reynolds , and wilson . '' 
 he took a large swallow from the glass of bourbon . 
 `` these ladies are the widows of my former partners . '' 
 he followed again with a large swallow . 
 `` no , we have not met . 
 i 'm very pleased to meet you . '' 
 bill shook their hands . 
 remons cleared his throat , `` this is mr. albert pabek . 
 he is apparently the acquisition specialist hired by rpw corporation to broker this transaction . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , mr. pabek , '' bill extended his hand , shaking albert 's extended hand . 
 albert replied , `` it 's my pleasure . '' 
 `` finally , '' remons continued , `` this is lawrence stone . 
 he is mr. pabek 's associate . 
 i do not know his role , other than to travel with mr. pabek . '' 
 bill shook lawrence 's hand . 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 remons took a step away from the group and toward the dining table . 
 the table had been cleared during the introductions . 
 `` i suggest we align ourselves at the table and begin the negotiations . '' 
 everyone followed remons and waited for him to pick a side . 
 remons selected the port side of the table . 
 there were now seven chairs on each side . 
 remons sat in the middle of his side , leaving three empty seats on either side of him . 
 albert sat in the middle seat on the starboard side of the ship . 
 he directly faced remons . 
 payne sat on albert 's immediate right . 
 wilson sat on his immediate left . 
 reynolds sat beside wilson . 
 the two attorneys sat by payne . 
 lawrence sat on the other end by reynolds . 
 bill sat on remons right . 
 he was facing wilson . 
 the lead attorney sat on remons left . 
 he was facing payne . 
 the remaining three attorneys split two to one end and one to the other , leaving the seat across from lawrence empty . 
 remons looked at albert . 
 `` this is your meeting . '' 
 albert began his speech . 
 it had been prepared many months prior . 
 he did n't need any notes . 
 the words were imprinted deeply in his brain . 
 `` mr. remons , i am here today representing rpw corporation . 
 the initials r , p , and w , as you have come to know , represent reynolds , payne , and wilson . 
 the women sitting with me today are the founders . 
 more importantly , the women before you today are widows . 
 they are widows as a result of actions taken by you against their husbands in 1996 . 
 your unquenchable thirst for money and power resulted in the premature deaths of their husbands . 
 children lost their fathers and the widows lost their life partners . '' 
 `` the facts surrounding the deaths have been well documented in the intervening years by my clients . 
 their personal wish is you to die an agonizing and slow death . 
 however , they are not murderers , like you . '' 
 `` instead , the widows of your former partners have decided to grant you a continued life . 
 it will not be a life with remons global , though . 
 tonight , rpw corporation will buy back your interest in remons global and set you free to pursue other interests immediately . '' 
 `` yes , mr. remons , you are a smart man . 
 i can tell you are listening carefully . 
 i did indeed say rpw will ` buy back ' your interest in the company . 
 our offer is , in fact , no different than the 1996 arrangement . '' 
 the rpw attorneys placed a pile of contracts in front of remons . 
 they provided several copies for remons ' attorneys to review . 
 `` before you , please see our offer to purchase remons global . 
 it is non-negotiable and the offer expires at 4:00 am this morning . '' 
 remons did not look at the contract . 
 he only stared at albert . 
 `` what does it say ? '' 
 `` it says two things . 
 number one -- the estates of your former business partners , now collectively known as rpw corporation , will repurchase their original interest in remons global , at a value of one hundred fifty million dollars , or fifty million dollars per partner . 
 this is the same amount you paid the estates in 1996 . '' 
 `` what else ? '' 
 `` number two -- you will sell your interest , the remaining 25 % , for fifty million dollars . '' 
 bill slammed his palms on the table , stood up , and yelled , `` get the fuck out of here ! 
 guards ! '' 
 remons pulled on bill 's arm . 
 `` sit down . '' 
 bill sat down . 
 `` mr. remons . 
 this is ridiculous . 
 you know the business is worth hundreds of times more . 
 this is preposterous . '' 
 `` be quiet . 
 i 'm handling this . '' 
 remons looked at albert . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 `` yes , there is a rider in the documents . 
 in the event of any suspicious death of any member of rpw corporation , including the original founders , as well as the former remons global employees , a file of details , outlining your involvement in the deaths of the partners , will be sent to the federal government . '' 
 `` is that it ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i have one small change to request . '' 
 albert responded . 
 `` these are our terms . 
 they are not negotiable . '' 
 remons said , `` i will ask anyway . 
 you may evaluate it and reply accordingly . '' 
 `` very well . 
 what is the change ? '' 
 `` i will keep the owner . 
 it will be transferred out of remons global and to my personal possessions as a gift . '' 
 albert looked at the three women . 
 they nodded . 
 `` very well , mr. remons . 
 rpw corporation accepts the modification . 
 our lawyers will prepare a bill of sale gifting you the vessel , as part of the paperwork . '' 
 remons asked , `` and how will we handle the funding ? '' 
 `` rpw has two hundred million sitting in a european bank . 
 upon signing of all documents , we will send the wire instructions immediately . 
 all of our business , both written and fund transfer , shall be concluded by 4:00 am . '' 
 karl remons , the soon to be former owner of remons global stood up . 
 albert stood up . 
 the remaining parties stood up . 
 remons said , `` as chairman , and sole shareholder , of remons global , i hereby accept your offer . '' 
 chapter 66 it was 3:33 am on the day after , the day after , the day after the first day of summer . 
 albert was leaning on the aft railing along with lawrence . 
 remons and bill were at the table , sitting across from the rpw women . 
 they were all signing documents as the attorneys watched over their shoulders . 
 bill was signing as the witness for karl remons , to prevent any future dispute regarding the contract validity . 
 lawrence hugged albert , `` you did it ! 
 congratulations . '' 
 `` we are n't there yet . 
 the money has not transferred . 
 the international operations sale has n't been completed , either . 
 we have to settle up with the international attorney . '' 
 looking at his phone , albert said , `` i just got a text . 
 he is waiting for us along the embarcadero . '' 
 `` do n't be so doubting . 
 we are almost there . 
 it will all be done . 
 by lunchtime , i expect you to have put a fishing pole in this hand and a beer in this hand . '' 
 lawrence had his hands out extended and open . 
 `` do i make myself clearly understood ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 beer and fishing pole . 
 noon . '' 
 remons and rpw were standing up . 
 `` looks like it 's done . 
 let 's head over there . '' 
 albert and lawrence walked over to the table . 
 two lawyers were on telephones . 
 rpw 's attorney was brokering the wire transfer . 
 the other attorney , on remons ' side , was talking with remons ' bank , verifying the money had , in fact , been transferred . 
 a second attorney of remons was also on the phone . 
 it sounded like he was talking to a bank , also . 
 albert surmised remons was moving the payment to other accounts around the world . 
 soon the two hundred million would vanish from traceability , allowing remons the capability to manage it without any specific government 's awareness . 
 the women of rpw looked at albert , tears in their eyes , and collectively said , `` thank you . '' 
 `` you are most welcome . 
 are we ready to go ? 
 there 's more to do . '' 
 `` yes , '' responded ms. payne . 
 ms. reynolds said , `` wait . 
 we have n't signed off on the press release . 
 remons global will release it at precisely 5:00 am , california time . 
 here 's a copy for you to read . '' 
 she handed a sheet of paper to albert . 
 albert took the paper and read it aloud . 
 ----- for immediate release june 24 , 2013 - 5:00 am pacific rpw corporation acquires remons global karl remons , chairman of remons global and sole shareholder , announced this morning the immediate sale of 100 % of remons global to rpw corporation , a us company headquartered in san francisco , california . 
 terms of the sale were not disclosed . 
 karl remons and three additional partners founded remons global in 1993 . 
 in 1996 , tragedy struck when two partners died in a company plane crash , and another died in a cycling accident . 
 following the deaths of his close friends and partners , mr. remons vowed to honor their legacy by dramatically expanding remons global . 
 today , the company operates 148 manufacturing and service facilities around the world , producing goods in dozens of industries , including automotive , aviation , power generation , computer technology , and space exploration . 
 mr. remons offered the following statement regarding the acquisition : over the last several weeks , i have conducted a private and confidential discussion with rpw corporation , to evaluate a possible sale of my company . 
 i am reaching the age of retirement . 
 it was time to prepare the business for a new generation . 
 unfortunately , my business has been my life . 
 i do not have a family or any children . 
 remons global is a strong operation . 
 it is destined for continued growth around the globe . 
 i considered several suitors to acquire my company during the past two years . 
 none seemed a good fit for the legacy of my deceased partners and me . 
 several weeks ago , i reached out to the widows of my former business partners , offering them a first option to purchase remons global . 
 mmes . 
 reynolds , payne , and wilson promptly accepted the offer and arranged the necessary funding . 
 their company , rpw corporation , completed the purchase earlier today . 
 i wish the best to the employees , suppliers , and customers of remons global . 
 today is the first day of my well-deserved retirement . 
 rpw corporation offered the following statement : rpw corporation was formed in honor of three men . 
 messrs. reynolds , payne , and wilson co-founded , along with karl remons , remons global in 1993 . 
 tragically , messrs. reynolds , payne , and wilson died in 1996 . 
 we were delighted to receive karl remons ' offer to purchase the company founded by our husbands . 
 mr. remons did everything possible to support rpw corporation 's due diligence and funding of the acquisition . 
 rpw corporation will move its corporate offices to the former remons global facility in oakland , california . 
 all employees of remons global , except for mr. remons , will remain on the rpw corporation payroll . 
 we understand transitions are difficult for the employees . 
 there will be changes in the organization and some employees will be offered severance packages . 
 it will take us several months to evaluate and plan for these changes . 
 we will treat each employee with respect and dignity . 
 to the suppliers and customers of rpw corporation , the acquisition will be seamless . 
 we are committed to maintaining a positive relationship with each of you . 
 ----- the women nodded . 
 it was perfect . 
 albert handed the release to ms. payne . 
 he said , `` so , are we ready to go , now ? '' 
 `` yes , '' replied ms. wilson . 
 `` let 's get part two completed . '' 
 without saying goodbye , the rpw contingent walked to the aft staircase and descended to the dock level gangway . 
 albert was the last one down the stairs . 
 when he reached the staircase , he turned to look back at karl remons . 
 remons appearance seemed to have aged ten years during the past three days . 
 albert smiled and headed down the staircase . 
 when he reached the gangway , he stepped out of the ship , and found the international attorney on the dock , already in discussions with rpw corporation . 
 `` let 's head back to the trawler , '' he said . 
 `` we can wrap up the paperwork there . '' 
 the group walked and talked , moving slowly toward the trawler . 
 albert stepped aboard first , offering his hand for others to climb on board safely . 
 everyone moved to the salon . 
 it was cramped , with only four seats at the table . 
 the women of rpw and the international attorney sat down . 
 rpw attorneys stood behind the women . 
 albert leaned against a wall in the galley . 
 lawrence sat in the captain 's chair . 
 ms. wilson said , `` shall we begin ? '' 
 `` good morning , '' the attorney began , `` my name is erico yonnley . 
 i am here representing the business interests of global enterprises . 
 i am fully authorized to act on the company 's behalf . 
 we desire to purchase rpw corporation 's business interests outside the geographical borders of the united states of america . '' 
 ms. payne replied , `` good morning . 
 we are the sole owners of rpw corporation . 
 we are not interested in maintaining any business interests outside of the united states . 
 we are offering to sell our international operations , collectively and formerly known as remons global international subsidiaries , inc. '' ms. wilson added , `` we will now kindly consider your offer to purchase our international operations . '' 
 yonnley passed each woman a memorandum of understanding ; a short document outlining the high level details of the offer . 
 then , he said , `` global enterprises tenders an offer of one dollar for the group of companies held under the name , remons global international subsidiaries , inc. . 
 in addition , our company agrees to accept all assets , liabilities , future contingencies , and any other possible event associated with the operations . 
 the transaction will be completed immediately and we shall issue a joint press release at 5:15 am pacific time , today . '' 
 ms. reynolds extended her hand , `` we accept your offer . 
 shall we execute the documents ? '' 
 the rpw attorneys passed out the contracts and the signings began . 
 lawrence asked albert , `` so , what 's up with the one dollar selling price ? 
 i do n't get it . '' 
 albert replied , `` remons owes the international partners a substantial amount of money . 
 he 's owed them for years . 
 remons global is actually not as financially strong as most would believe . '' 
 lawrence nodded . 
 albert could tell he did n't understand . 
 albert continued , `` rpw has arranged to release all foreign assets to remons ' former international partners . 
 this provided them with a good return on their investment with remons . 
 in exchange , the international partners have agreed not to pursue rpw for any other obligations previously owed by remons global . '' 
 now , lawrence understood . 
 `` so , you guys are cleaning up all of the legacy issues related to remons . 
 it 's a clean break for the future . '' 
 ms. payne reached back to albert , passing him the press release . 
 albert took the paper and stepped over near lawrence . 
 `` here it is . 
 let 's read this while the ladies finish their business . '' 
 lawrence took it from him . 
 `` let me read it . 
 it 's my turn to do something . '' 
 he began reading . 
 ----- for immediate release june 24 , 2013 - 5:15 am pacific rpw corporation sells international subsidiaries rpw corporation , a us company headquartered in oakland , california , announced this morning the immediate sale of 100 % of its international subsidiaries . 
 the businesses , formerly held under the collective umbrella of remons global international subsidiaries , inc. , were purchased by a non-u.s. entity known as global enterprises . 
 the purchase price was not disclosed . 
 rpw corporation , through its spokesperson , offered the following statement : the founders of rpw corporation have set a new strategic direction for the company . 
 as part of this business change , rpw has sold off all international subsidiaries . 
 the sale is immediate and all necessary transactions have been completed . 
 we wish the best to the new owners , their employees , and their customers . 
 today , rpw corporation embarks on a new journey . 
 it is a journey focused on america and american citizens . 
 rpw will use the proceeds of the sale to exponentially grow its footprint in the united states . 
 we are committed to bringing home american jobs and reinvigorating american ingenuity . 
 global enterprises offered the following statement , through its spokesperson : global enterprises is pleased to add the international operations of rpw corporation to our global business footprint . 
 we are committed to a smooth transition and wish to extend a warm welcome to our new employees around the world . 
 ----- albert said , `` i like it . 
 no changes . '' 
 he turned to the women of rpw , saying , `` take it to the press . 
 we have some celebrating to do . '' 
 the document signing complete , mr. yonnley was escorted off the trawler . 
 he had a busy day in front of him . 
 albert started the engine . 
 lawrence untied the dock lines . 
 the trawler began its slow passage across the bay and toward the sausalito marina . 
 reynolds , payne , and wilson gathered around albert . 
 `` so , we have n't discussed the celebration , '' said wilson . 
 `` what 's the plan ? '' 
 albert smiled at them . 
 `` i 'm dropping the three of you off at teleport , along with lawrence . 
 i 'll take the trawler to its slip . 
 the lawyers can leave from there . 
 i 'll lock up the trawler and take the dinghy back to teleport . '' 
 he continued , `` then , we are sailing for santa cruz . 
 you women can work tomorrow . 
 today , we celebrate . '' 
 `` very well , '' said payne . 
 `` we need to move the champagne to teleport . '' 
 she pointed to two ice chests on the floor . 
 `` we have ten bottles . 
 that should be enough . '' 
 `` i should say so , '' lawrence said . 
 he was looking inside the ice chests . 
 the trawler cleared the marina breakwater . 
 albert accelerated the throttle and the ship began to move faster across the bay . 
 chapter 67 karl remons and bill shefford were drinking bourbon on the upper deck of the owner . 
 it was not a celebration . 
 they were mourning the loss of remons global . 
 `` i expected my 5 % ownership to be hundreds of millions of dollars , '' bill said , while staring into his glass of bourbon . 
 `` now , it 's just four million . 
 that 's it ? '' 
 `` are you serious ? 
 i 'm not giving you four million dollars . 
 this was a fire sale . 
 you work for rpw now ; not me . '' 
 bill glared at remons . 
 `` i 'm not walking out of here with nothing . 
 let me be very clear about that point . '' 
 `` relax . 
 i have two million in cash for you . '' 
 he snapped his fingers . 
 an assistant walked over with a briefcase and handed it to bill . 
 bill opened the case and looked inside . 
 it was full of cash . 
 he said , `` this is a lot less than i expected , but that 's just the way things go , i guess . '' 
 bill took a big swig from his glass of bourbon . 
 remons drained the rest of his bourbon and started laughing . 
 `` think about it , '' remons said between fits of laughter . 
 `` we just sold those bimbos remons global . 
 they get to keep it for what -- three hours , maybe ? 
 world auto will pluck it from their hands as soon as the new york judge steps in his chambers this morning . '' 
 remons laugh gained a life of its own . 
 he laughed for five minutes . 
 bill was laughing , too . 
 he could n't help himself . 
 the laughter was infectious . 
 finally , remons settled and took control of his senses . 
 he said , `` there 's nothing in any mba textbook about this kind of merger and acquisition activity . 
 rpw and world auto will be slugging it out in court for years . 
 in the meantime , i 'm sitting on the owner , living comfortably in some tropical paradise outside the united states . 
 those dingbats thought they had me by the nuts . 
 they were wrong . 
 they did us a favor . '' 
 bill stood up , and said , `` it was definitely a shrewd and profitable exchange for you . 
 i have to leave . 
 it 's time for me to impress my new employer . 
 hopefully , i will still have a job at the end of today . '' 
 he extended his hand to shake remons ' hand . 
 `` nice knowing you , karl . '' 
 `` good luck , '' remons reached up and shook bill 's hand . 
 he did n't bother to stand up . 
 bill walked to the forward staircase and descended two levels to the gangway . 
 he stepped out of the ship , walked down the private pier , and to the embarcadero . 
 his car was at plant 1 . 
 he needed a cab to get there . 
 the limo driver had already left with the attorneys . 
 bill waved at a passing cab . 
 he was lucky to catch one so quickly at this time of the morning . 
 he opened the passenger door and told the driver to start the meter . 
 standing in the doorway , he gazed at the giant ship standing in the darkness of the marina . 
 he could not believe remons global was dead . 
 bill stepped into the cab . 
 `` take me to oakland . 
 remons global r&d center . '' 
 the cab pulled away from the curb . 
 bill watched as the owner disappeared from his view . 
 then , he pulled out his mobile phone and pressed the number for sam halsop . 
 sam was asleep in bill 's office , along with veronica and elizabeth . 
 for two hours , sam had listened to elizabeth and veronica . 
 once they began talking , there was no stopping the outpouring of horror stories and tears . 
 sam heard the phone ringing . 
 he picked it up and noticed it was bill . 
 he answered , `` kind of early , do n't you think ? 
 what 's up ? '' 
 bill replied , `` sorry to wake you , sam . 
 i thought plant managers never slept . '' 
 `` funny . '' 
 bill continued , `` i know this will be very hard to believe , but remons just sold the company . 
 we have a new employer . 
 it 's three women . 
 they own a company called rpw corporation . '' 
 sam was speechless for a moment . 
 finally , he asked , `` when is this effective ? '' 
 `` it 's already done . 
 press release comes out at 5:00 am . '' 
 `` wow , the peons are the last to find out . '' 
 sam laughed . 
 bill said , `` i 've got to go . 
 i 'm on my way to plant 1 . 
 i have to pick up my car . 
 i left it there before going to michigan . '' 
 now sam was awake . 
 bill was on his way to plant 1 . 
 `` ok . 
 good night . '' 
 sam rapidly typed out a text message to a different contact . 
 `` rg now owned by rpw . 
 hurry . '' 
 he immediately received a reply . 
 it read , `` k. on the way . 
 less than 10 minutes . '' 
 elizabeth and veronica were asleep . 
 sam waited until he heard the helicopter approaching , and then he gently pushed on each of their shoulders . 
 `` girls . 
 wake up . '' 
 elizabeth jumped up . 
 she was terrified . 
 sam said , `` calm down . 
 nothing is wrong . 
 however , we need to go . 
 immediately . '' 
 veronica said , `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` it may not be safe here . 
 we need to leave . 
 i have arranged for a helicopter to fly us out . '' 
 elizabeth looked at him warily . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` away from here . 
 somewhere safe . 
 i promise , i am not going to hurt you . 
 please ? '' 
 they could hear the helicopter land on the roof . 
 elizabeth pulled one of the guns from her jacket . 
 she pointed it at sam 's face . 
 `` i 'll kill you myself , if you are lying . '' 
 sam pleaded , `` please put down the gun . 
 i wo n't hurt you . '' 
 elizabeth handed veronica the other gun . 
 `` keep it pointed at him . 
 just pull the trigger , if necessary . '' 
 looking at sam , she said , `` the guns stay on you . 
 anything weird and you die . '' 
 sam shrugged , `` please do n't pull the trigger . 
 follow me . '' 
 he led them to the elevator . 
 they stepped in and he pressed the `` h '' button . 
 the elevator rose to the roof level and the doors opened . 
 they were facing the helicopter . 
 the black sikorsky , with max lasteres in the pilot seat , was beckoning them . 
 elizabeth was temporarily stunned . 
 she looked at max , and then at sam . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm a friend and i am here to help . 
 now put away those guns . 
 we do n't have much time . '' 
 elizabeth put the guns back in her jacket . 
 the trio ran to the helicopter and climbed in the plush cabin . 
 no one sat in the seat previously belonging to remons . 
 max engaged the collective and throttle , lifting the whirlybird from the roof of plant 1 . 
 he pointed the nose toward downtown san francisco . 
 pressing the intercom button , max said , `` good morning . 
 welcome aboard max 's air charter service . 
 you are the first passengers . 
 i am honored to serve you . '' 
 elizabeth pressed the intercom from her side . 
 `` max , you were lucky to have made it off the ship alive . 
 you have a lot of explaining to do . '' 
 max laughed . 
 `` later . 
 we will have time , later . '' 
 sam looked seriously at elizabeth . 
 `` we have some work to do . 
 we are going to remons tower . 
 we need to gather all of the computers and electronic files . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` remons global is over . 
 karl remons sold the company an hour ago . 
 he got a pile of money and the owner . 
 everything else belongs to rpw corporation . 
 remons will try to destroy the records in his offices . 
 we need some of the information . 
 for the future . '' 
 veronica asked , `` where 's albert ? '' 
 sam said , `` he 's fine . 
 you will see him later . '' 
 max set the helicopter on the roof of remons tower . 
 he said , `` i 'm staying here with the engines running . 
 hurry up . 
 you have ten minutes . '' 
 sam , elizabeth , and veronica ran to the elevator , stepped inside , pressed the button , and quickly reached the correct floor . 
 they scavenged through the office , grabbed important computers , and hard drives , from elizabeth 's desk and remons ' office . 
 they returned to the roof in eight minutes . 
 sam closed the door and hit the intercom . 
 `` we 're ready , max . '' 
 max once again lifted the helicopter from the roof . 
 he turned south and headed down the coastline . 
 elizabeth asked , `` where are we going ? '' 
 sam replied , `` santa cruz . '' 
 veronica asked , `` who are you ? '' 
 sam said , `` it 's a long story . 
 we only have a few minutes , so let me give you the brief version . '' 
 then , he sighed . 
 `` well , albert , max , lawrence and i , we are all friends . 
 we grew up together in michigan . 
 lawrence , albert , and i were all fired in 2008 . 
 we worked together in the auto industry . '' 
 `` a few weeks after we were terminated , albert called me ... '' sam explained albert 's plan to ruin remons global . 
 he shared the story of max and albert , both having lost their fathers in the metal presses incorporated accident . 
 he detailed how , after losing his job in michigan , he fought hard to land the plant manager position at remons global and plant 1 . 
 he confessed the plant 1 explosion was his doing . 
 he had planned it carefully , and only used excessive air pressure to generate the blast . 
 he also only triggered the blast after fully evacuating the building . 
 it had been designed for limited damage ; the purpose only being to induce strain on remons ' mental state . 
 he confessed , along with max on intercom , responsibility for the owner 's troubles . 
 max designed an electromagnet generator . 
 sam helped him to build it . 
 every few days , max would land the sikorsky on plant 1 , very late at night and mainly on weekends . 
 the duo would move the fabricated components from the plant to the helicopter , staying up all night working on the installation . 
 it took three months , piece by piece , to install the powerful device , hidden within the walls of the helicopter . 
 he confessed to helping max construct the explosive device dropped by albert outside the golden gate bridge . 
 sam and max transported it to santa cruz , met albert , and helped load the box on teleport . 
 elizabeth and veronica listened quietly to the stories . 
 elizabeth said , `` i still do n't understand everything completely , but it 's beginning to make more sense . '' 
 the helicopter was beginning its descent into santa cruz . 
 sam said , `` i 'll explain more later . 
 ultimately , we were hired by rpw corporation to support their acquisition of remons global . '' 
 the helicopter settled gently at the santa cruz airport . 
 max powered down its engines and climbed out of the cabin . 
 sam , along with the women , was already out of the cabin . 
 max said , `` we will be here until after daylight . 
 i 'm going to refuel the sikorsky . 
 it 's a good time for a restroom break and coffee . '' 
 the foursome quietly walked toward the terminal building . 
 chapter 68 the cab stopped at the front security gate in front of plant 1 . 
 bill paid the driver and stepped out . 
 it was still dark . 
 the press releases would be publicized soon . 
 the empire of karl remons was gone . 
 in a few minutes , the public would learn the shocking news . 
 bill still could not believe everything that had happened . 
 it was an incredible series of events . 
 he walked through the security gate , waving to the guard . 
 the guard stopped him . 
 `` mr. shefford , a helicopter landed about thirty minutes ago . 
 it only stayed a moment and then flew off again . 
 i tried reaching sam , but he is n't answering his phone . '' 
 `` what color was the helicopter ? '' 
 `` black , sir . 
 i believe it belongs to mr. remons . '' 
 bill shook his head . 
 `` it used to belong to mr. remons . 
 he sold the company . 
 we have new owners . '' 
 bill turned and walked slowly up the hill . 
 he went inside the building and to his seventh floor apartment . 
 he headed for the shower . 
 he turned on the water , emptied his pockets , and stepped in the shower , fully clothed . 
 it had been a long weekend . 
 he stood there for twenty minutes . 
 finally , he disrobed and washed the filth of the past few days from his body . 
 he turned off the shower , dried off , and got dressed . 
 no suit today . 
 he was taking the day off . 
 now in shorts , a casual t-shirt , and deck shoes , he walked to the cappuccino machine in his office . 
 he made a selection and pressed the start button . 
 while the hot drink brewed , he walked along the windows looking over the plant . 
 his chair was missing . 
 there was a hole in the glass . 
 he saw the chair below . 
 bill shook his head and walked back to the cappuccino machine . 
 he put a lid on his coffee and headed for the elevator . 
 then he noticed the keys on his coffee table . 
 bill walked over and picked them up . 
 they were to remons ' porsche . 
 the key ring read , `` mine . '' 
 bill put the keys in his pocket and stepped into the elevator . 
 when he reached the first floor , he walked to remons ' parking space and unlocked the car door . 
 `` might as well live a little , '' bill said to the sky , no one else there to hear him . 
 he climbed in , started the high-powered car , and revved the engine . 
 he pressed in the clutch , dropped the transmission in to first gear , and burned ten percent of the tire treads ' life before reaching the gate . 
 bill shot out of the property and out on the main road . 
 his phone was ringing . 
 he juggled the phone and pressed accept call , quickly putting it on speakerphone . 
 `` hello . '' 
 mike said , `` i just saw the press release . 
 remons global is really done ? '' 
 bill looked at his watch . 
 it was 5:13 am . 
 the release had been issued at 5:00 am . 
 `` yes , we have a new employer . '' 
 then bill laughed , `` that is , until world auto takes over . '' 
 mike said , `` i 'm sitting here at my desk , reading this press release , and drinking coffee . '' 
 then he muttered , `` maybe i should switch to something stronger . '' 
 `` yeah , i guess world auto can fight it out with rpw . 
 remons will be floating around on the owner somewhere . '' 
 `` he kept the boat , huh ? 
 since he 's not the owner anymore , will he change the name ? '' 
 `` beats me . 
 i do n't work for him anymore . 
 he 's not talking future plans with me . '' 
 `` whoa ! 
 get this bill . 
 another press release came out . 
 this one is direct from rpw corporation . '' 
 bill slowed down the porsche . 
 he took a sip from his coffee cup . 
 `` well ? 
 what does it say ? '' 
 `` rpw already dumped all of the international operations . 
 they are only keeping the us facilities . 
 they say , right in the press release , about wanting to bring jobs back to american citizens . '' 
 mike looked at his watch . 
 he said , `` i have to go . 
 we can talk soon . '' 
 bill clicked off the phone . 
 he turned south and headed the porsche toward san jose . 
 mike took a long drink from his coffee cup . 
 there was a lot to do in the next forty minutes . 
 soon , he would be facing santana and malete . 
 he was in zanyer 's old office . 
 he walked over to the sofa sitting area . 
 three men were sitting there . 
 `` are we ready ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' one of the men said . 
 `` the warehouse has the trailers loaded . 
 our trucks are already attached to them . '' 
 the group walked outside and climbed into mike 's four door , four-wheel drive , full size pickup . 
 mike started the engine and pulled out of the parking lot . 
 they drove two miles down the street , turning in at a darkened warehouse . 
 slowly , they drove to the back end of the property . 
 three tractor-trailer rigs , their parking lights on and the diesels idling , were sitting there , waiting . 
 mike let the men out of his truck , saying , `` i 'll follow you . '' 
 the men , each assigned a truck , climbed in the cabs . 
 the trucks began rolling toward the street , and then proceeded single file toward world auto 's factory responsible for destroyer production . 
 eight minutes and three miles later , they entered the private property , checked in at the security gate for loading and unloading , and headed for the docks . 
 each of the trucks slowly backed up to a dock door . 
 the trailers were now latched into docks 4 , 8 , and 9 . 
 the drivers climbed out of the cabs and walked up on the dock . 
 mike parked his truck and walked inside . 
 each of the drivers handed one of the receiving clerks a packet of papers , known as a bill of lading . 
 while the receiving clerks reviewed the paperwork , the drivers unlocked the trailer doors and opened them . 
 the receiving clerks looked in the trailers , shining flashlights into the darkest depths . 
 finally , one by one , the clerks signed the paperwork , pressed the documents into an imprint machine , and handed copies back to the drivers . 
 the stamped area read , `` received to inventory -- june 24 , 2013 -- 8:39 am '' . 
 the drivers handed the paperwork to mike . 
 `` thanks , guys . 
 take the rest of the day off . 
 this shipment will last them for one or two days . '' 
 mike left the dock , jumped in his truck , and sped back to plant 37 . 
 he arrived to find world auto employees , including santana and malete , already in the executive conference room . 
 he took a deep breath and walked into the snake pit . 
 `` bell ! 
 what the hell is going on ? '' 
 santana 's was furious . 
 he was holding copies of the press releases . 
 `` mr. santana , i have no control of remons . 
 that 's his business . '' 
 `` who the hell is rpw corporation ? '' 
 `` sir , you should talk to them . 
 i 'm still trying to figure out my position here . '' 
 `` rpw did n't do any diligence . 
 they have to know we own remons , or rpw , whatever it is called , at 9:00 am today ! 
 they are stupid to buy remons global ! '' 
 now it was mike 's turn . 
 `` mr. santana . 
 mr. malete . 
 there have been some good developments overnight . 
 my team located some misplaced inventory of destroyer roof sections . 
 our systems are a little antiquated and -- '' `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 santana was screaming . 
 `` like i was saying , we found some good inventory . 
 it has already been delivered to the plant . 
 we have enough good stock to cover production for three weeks . 
 i am certain that plant 37 will be back in operation long before running out of stock . '' 
 malete fell backward into his chair . 
 santana said nothing . 
 then malete said , `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 mike bell passed the bill of ladings across the table . 
 `` three trailer loads received at 8:39 am this morning . 
 your guys have probably started production of the car . '' 
 `` you son of a bitch . 
 this was all a con job . '' 
 `` i have no idea what you are talking about . 
 i 'm just a production manager in one plant of a hundred and forty eight . 
 my only objective this weekend was getting my customer 's plant back in production . 
 i have done that . '' 
 mike walked over to the temporary signs on the doors , the one 's reading , `` world auto propery '' . 
 he ripped them down . 
 `` now , i kindly ask you and your team to leave . 
 i have a plant to get running and can not afford any further distractions . '' 
 santana , malete , and the world auto team packed their belongings . 
 they were off the grounds fifteen minutes later . 
 mike sat down , in the now empty executive conference room . 
 he waited alone for five minutes . 
 ted smith , jonna serlins , and ed tanzar walked in the conference room . 
 ed handed mike a cup of coffee . 
 jonna asked , `` so , they are gone ? '' 
 mike smiled , `` yes . 
 it 's over . '' 
 ted asked , `` what do we do now ? '' 
 mike said , `` well , i guess we should put the plant back together . 
 we only have a week . 
 the mandatory vacation will be over by then . 
 i do n't want anyone to lose out on wages , on account of our actions . '' 
 ted said , `` the replacement mechanical room will be completed and signed off by friday . 
 do n't worry about that . '' 
 ed sat down . 
 he asked mike , `` how are albert and max doing ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , ed . 
 i have n't talked with them , yet . '' 
 jonna asked , `` ed , how are you doing ? 
 frank pabek and todd lasteres were your friends . 
 you were there the night they died . 
 it has been bad on albert and max , sure . 
 but do n't ignore your own feelings . '' 
 ed smiled , saying , `` jonna , i still miss them . 
 that son of a bitch remons should have been in the stamping press on the night frank and todd died . 
 i hope he rots in hell , penniless . '' 
 mike said , `` let 's be positive . 
 we did it ! 
 it 's over . 
 now , i vote we disband team mpi . 
 all in favor ? '' 
 `` aye ! '' 
 each of them said . 
 team mpi , short for team metal presses incorporated , was the codename for mike bell , ted smith , jonna serlins , and ed tanzar . 
 team mpi had perfectly orchestrated the plant 37 disaster . 
 for months before the explosion , they had secretly produced the hidden inventory of good roof sections for the destroyer and stored them in an offsite warehouse . 
 the explosion of the boilers was ted 's design . 
 ed and jonna had purposely created the defect in the stamping tooling . 
 everything was designed for one goal -- to take their plant back from remons global . 
 the group of ten , including albert , max , lawrence , sam , the four team mpi members , along with the deceased frank pabek and todd lasteres , all worked at metal presses incorporated . 
 it later became plant 37 . 
 the first day of summer in 1997 changed the lives of each person in the group . 
 the anger festered inside of them , in different ways , but it festered nonetheless . 
 in 2008 , the mass terminations pushed the group to action . 
 albert made the first moves , but each member of the group was a more than willing participant . 
 they each wanted revenge against karl remons . 
 mike excused himself from the conference room . 
 he walked out the lobby doors and to the parking lot . 
 tears were streaming down his face . 
 it was finally over . 
 on the day of the deaths , mike was not at work . 
 he was at home , in bed , sick . 
 frank pabek was working on a job that had originally been scheduled for mike . 
 mike should have died with todd lasteres . 
 frank should still be alive . 
 mike pulled out his phone . 
 he sent individual text messages , one each to max , sam , lawrence , and albert . 
 it read , `` delivered at 8:39 am eastern . 
 world auto gone . 
 it 's over . '' 
 the texts popped up on the receiver 's phones , one-by-one . 
 max and sam were standing outside the helicopter , drinking coffee , and discussing their plans for the future . 
 max got the message first . 
 sam 's message quickly followed . 
 the pair dropped their coffees , hugged each other , and jumped around like the winning basketball team at a national championship . 
 albert was on teleport , along with lawrence and the rpw women . 
 they were passing below the golden gate bridge in route to santa cruz . 
 he had just unfurled the sails and shut down the engines . 
 perfect breezes would push teleport and its occupants along to santa cruz . 
 albert was on teleport 's bridge . 
 he read the message slowly , tearing up a little . 
 now , he could agree - the operation had been successful . 
 he pulled out his phone and sent a text message to remons ' private numbered phone . 
 it said , `` metal presses incorporated . 
 1997 . 
 plant 37 . 
 frank pabek . 
 todd lasteres . 
 accident . 
 death . 
 osha . 
 $ 95,000 . 
 yes , remons . 
 now you probably remember and understand the extent of our revenge . '' 
 albert received a single sentence reply . 
 nothing else . 
 `` fuck you ! '' 
 lawrence was in the galley , cooking up a big breakfast for everyone . 
 it was the works : eggs , bacon , toast , pancakes , and juice . 
 it was a celebratory meal . 
 he pulled out his phone , read the message , dropped the spatula , and climbed up on the bridge . 
 he hugged albert . 
 `` you did it ! 
 now accept it gracefully ! '' 
 `` thank you . 
 we did it . 
 do n't burn my breakfast . '' 
 lawrence jumped from the bridge to the salon , skipping all the steps , and ran to the galley . 
 the women were sitting around the salon . 
 they were talking about their husbands and the strange way life sometimes works . 
 suddenly , a man appeared in the forward passageway by the galley . 
 one of the women gasped and pointed at him . 
 `` lawrence ! 
 who is that ? '' 
 lawrence turned away from the stove quickly . 
 laughing , he returned to his cooking . 
 `` no worries , ladies . 
 that 's captain caltoan . 
 he 's been asleep in one of the forward berths all night . '' 
 caltoan tipped an imaginary hat at the women . 
 `` good morning . 
 so , are you ladies the new owners , finally ? '' 
 `` yes , '' ms. payne said , `` finally . '' 
 albert set the autopilot and the radar alarm . 
 he climbed down the forward companionway stairs and stepped in the salon . 
 `` ladies , an introduction is in order . 
 allow me to introduce captain roland caltoan . 
 he climbed aboard teleport , while she was moored in sausalito and we were away at the owner . 
 captain caltoan , until your acquisition of remons global , was the commander of the owner . '' 
 the women were a little stunned . 
 albert had not previously shared all of the details , and caltoan 's involvement had definitely not been mentioned . 
 albert continued , `` uncle roland , allow me to introduce the founders of rpw corporation , the new owners of the company formerly known as remons global . '' 
 now , albert was ready to share the story . 
 `` this is my uncle on my mother 's side . 
 my mother died soon after my father 's death . 
 she died of a broken heart . 
 uncle roland , like me , dreamed of this day . 
 this is the day we have righted the wrongs against our family . '' 
 `` my father worked at a company called metal presses incorporated . 
 growing up , i wanted to work there , with my dad . 
 i joined him at the plant in 1994 . 
 in 1996 , remons global acquired the company . 
 the plant was renamed plant 37 . '' 
 `` in 1997 , my father died in a workplace accident , along with another man . 
 the other man was max lasteres ' father . 
 the accident could have been prevented , but it was n't . 
 the financial settlement with my family could have been fair , but it was n't . 
 my mom could have lived a longer life , but she did n't . '' 
 `` uncle roland had been captaining commercial freighters for more than thirty years , when i described my plans to him . 
 he immediately decided to support the effort . 
 first , he provided the barn where we spent four years constructing teleport . 
 second , after some very careful coordination , uncle roland earned the job of captain for remons ' new ship , the owner . '' 
 ms. wilson said , `` so the story about being arrested last night by us customs ? 
 that was a ruse ? '' 
 `` exactly , '' said albert . 
 `` psychological warfare . 
 it was essential that remons believe no easy way out existed . '' 
 lawrence interrupted . 
 `` breakfast is ready . 
 let 's eat while we talk . '' 
 everyone grabbed plates and began dishing out the hot food . 
 it was a casual setting . 
 some people were standing , while others were sitting . 
 everyone was relaxing - just taking in the day . 
 ms. payne was nodding her head . 
 `` i understand something a little better , now . 
 we knew sam was the unknown caller . 
 it was just unclear how he was getting all of the information . 
 you were feeding him the information about the owner itinerary changes , as well as specific things happening on the ship . 
 is that correct ? '' 
 caltoan laughed , saying , `` yes , each time remons changed the schedule or did something notable , i would send a text to sam . 
 during his next conversation with remons , sam would purposely mention his knowledge of the changes . 
 it was a hoot . 
 remons paranoia would take over from there . '' 
 albert added , `` uncle roland is also credited with figuring out remons ' private phone number . 
 he pulled it out of the computer data used to send the phone signals to the satellites . '' 
 then he apologized . 
 `` i need to get back on the bridge . '' 
 albert took his plate of food and climbed up on the bridge . 
 he scanned the horizon . 
 it was a wonderful morning for a sail . 
 he sat in his captain 's chair and enjoyed the meal that lawrence had prepared . 
 life was good . 
 chapter 69 sunlight slowly revealed itself across the bay . 
 remons was on the upper deck , reading the press releases on his tablet and still drinking bourbon . 
 he motioned to the attendant . 
 `` is the new captain ready to set sail ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` then , let 's go . '' 
 remons leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes . 
 he heard the engines start . 
 he felt the ship begin to move away from the dock . 
 then he fell asleep . 
 he awoke to the vibrations of his private numbered phone . 
 his shirt was wet ; the bourbon glass was upside down on his lap . 
 the computer tablet had fallen between his hip and the side of the chair . 
 he sat up , and then placed the glass and tablet on the table . 
 then , he picked up the phone . 
 it was a text message from an unknown number . 
 he opened the message . 
 it was from albert pabek . 
 remons read the message and jumped out of the chair screaming . 
 `` you son of a bitch , pabek ! '' 
 he typed one sentence in response , `` fuck you ! '' 
 he then threw the phone over the railing and into the waters below . 
 he weaved his way to the aft staircase and to his private suite . 
 in the cabin , he turned on the television and switched to a business news channel . 
 the acquisition of remons global by rpw corporation was the only real story of the day . 
 remons laughed at the television . 
 `` wait ` til you get the world auto story , pabek . 
 that 'll make it more interesting for you . '' 
 he walked to the bar and poured another bourbon . 
 turning back to the television , he saw vol santana on the screen . 
 `` the fun begins ! 
 pabek , you are screwed , along with those bitches ! '' 
 remons turned up the volume . 
 the reporter was finishing a question to santana . 
 `` ... and is that really true ? '' 
 `` ha ! '' 
 remons said loudly . 
 `` take that , bitches . 
 take that , albert pabek ! 
 listen to what comes next ! '' 
 santana replied , `` yes , it is true . 
 the destroyer line started production at 9:00 am this morning . 
 the supplier responsible for the shutdown has been able to find good parts for our line . 
 they were delivered earlier this morning . '' 
 remons stood silent . 
 he was drunk , but he was n't stupid . 
 the events of the past few days rushed around his head . 
 `` damn you , pabek ! '' 
 remons threw the glass across the room . 
 it crashed against the port side windows , shattering in pieces . 
 he pulled out his public numbered phone and dialed bill shefford . 
 shefford was driving through san jose . 
 he picked up the phone , noticed it was remons , and pressed the ignore call button . 
 `` i do n't work for you any longer . 
 leave me alone . '' 
 bill said aloud . 
 remons hit redial . 
 bill hit ignore call . 
 remons hit redial . 
 bill hit ignore call . 
 remons threw the phone into the same window as the bourbon glass . 
 it fell to the floor in several pieces . 
 `` you son of a bitch ! 
 how dare you refuse my calls ! '' 
 he walked to the bar , found a new glass , and poured another bourbon . 
 then he sat down in a nearby chair . 
 at that moment , he swore to rebuild his empire . 
 he vowed to kill albert pabek and the rpw women . 
 this was the bottom of the pit . 
 he could go no lower . 
 now it was time to climb out and fight his way back to the top of the world . 
 remons felt the ship slowing down . 
 an attendant was knocking on the door . 
 `` what ! '' 
 `` sir , we are being stopped by us homeland security . '' 
 `` fuck all of you ! '' 
 the minor calm from a moment earlier was gone . 
 remons was in a rage . 
 he was running around the room like a wild caged animal . 
 `` sir , we have four bodies in the speedboat . '' 
 `` go away ! '' 
 remons shoved the attendant out and slammed the doors . 
 he walked to the windows in the aft facing bedroom . 
 three boats were pulling alongside the owner . 
 all were flashing their lights , like traffic cops pulling over a speeder . 
 he saw dozens of men climbing aboard on the lower decks . 
 they were dressed in black and carrying assault weapons . 
 remons went back to the living area . 
 he pulled away a cabinet from the wall and grabbed two fully automatic machine guns . 
 `` you sorry bastards ! 
 get off my ship ! '' 
 he grabbed the bottle of bourbon and took five large swallows directly from it . 
 then , he stormed to the private staircase . 
 he climbed slowly up the stairs , carrying the two guns , one in each hand . 
 emerging on the upper deck , he looked forward to the bow . 
 three homeland security team members stepped up through the forward staircase and onto the upper deck . 
 they were more heavily armed than remons . 
 remons stood there , holding his guns and staring at them . 
 the men yelled , `` drop the weapons ! 
 now ! '' 
 remons did n't respond . 
 the guns were each pointing up and away from his body . 
 `` drop the weapons ! 
 now ! '' 
 remons pulled the guns down , pointing them toward the men . 
 a crazed look in his eyes , he began walking toward the bow and homeland security . 
 he yelled , `` i am karl remons ! '' 
 remons pulled the triggers on both guns , firing at the officers . 
 homeland security fired back . 
 karl remons was dead . 
 chapter 70 it was 8:45 am , on the first day of albert 's new life . 
 teleport and albert , with their friends and family aboard , were sailing briskly toward santa cruz . 
 the women were sitting outside , on the salon cabin top , enjoying the fresh breezes . 
 lawrence and uncle roland were aft , fishing poles in hand , trolling the pacific waters for a big catch . 
 albert was at the helm . 
 both sliding bridge doors were open , and he was enjoying the fresh air too . 
 the radar sounded an alarm . 
 something was approaching from the south , heading straight for teleport . 
 it was moving fast - too fast to be a boat . 
 albert scanned the horizon . 
 he spotted the aircraft . 
 it was the black sikorsky . 
 he smiled , set the autopilot , and stepped up onto the deck . 
 as the helicopter neared teleport , max slowed the helicopter 's forward movement . 
 he flew past the ship , kicked the anti-rotation pedals , and turned the sikorsky around . 
 slowly , he moved alongside teleport and hovered one hundred feet above the water . 
 albert and the others aboard teleport waved . 
 aboard the helicopter , elizabeth and veronica were smiling and waving back . 
 max saluted albert and accelerated the sikorsky up and away from teleport . 
 he pointed the sikorsky at santa cruz . 
 they were meeting teleport and her passengers later at the marina . 
 albert watched as the helicopter disappeared into the distance . 
 he walked back to the aft sitting area . 
 looking at lawrence and uncle roland , he asked , `` any luck ? '' 
 lawrence grimaced , saying , `` not yet . 
 i have to catch something . 
 i 'll take any kind of fish at this point . 
 it does n't matter . 
 how much time do we have ? '' 
 `` less than two hours . 
 we have a good current underneath us , and the winds are brisk . '' 
 `` albert ? '' 
 lawrence said , `` i do not have a beer in my hand , yet . 
 you promised . '' 
 albert laughed at him . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i 'll be back . '' 
 he returned to the bridge , climbed down the forward companionway , and walked to the galley . 
 opening the refrigerator , he found three beers and grabbed them by the necks in one hand . 
 retracing his steps , he arrived back to his aft position a couple of minutes later . 
 `` here you go , mr. lawrence , sir . '' 
 he handed him the beer . 
 `` uncle roland ? '' 
 `` thanks , albert . '' 
 `` enjoy . 
 i 'm headed back to the bridge . '' 
 albert walked back to the bridge and sat down in his chair . 
 he opened the beer and took a long drink . 
 he lost himself in thoughts of his parents and paradise winds . 
 he looked up at the photos on the ceiling of the bridge . 
 there were dozens of pictures of the young pabek family . 
 most included paradise winds , but there were others : christmas mornings , camping , fishing , and baseball games . 
 paradise winds was in a more recent photo . 
 albert had taken it the morning that he rolled teleport out of the barn , leaving the older ship behind and covered with a white sheet . 
 in the past , the photos elicited a mixture of bitter and happy emotions . 
 now , things were different . 
 each picture only brought joy and happiness . 
 albert was finally content ; content with his place in life . 
 the chart plotter alarm sounded , advising teleport was two miles from the marina . 
 albert snapped to his senses . 
 he looked around the ship . 
 the men were packing up the fishing gear . 
 the women were on the bow , watching dolphins swim alongside teleport . 
 albert turned off the autopilot , awakened the perkins brothers , and furled the sails . 
 he engaged the throttles , and they slowly moved through the santa cruz marina . 
 they passed a large parking lot along the shoreline . 
 the sikorsky was sitting quietly in the middle of the empty lot . 
 albert located a guest slip and eased teleport gently into the berth . 
 lawrence and uncle roland tied off the dock lines . 
 albert quickly worked his shutdown checklist . 
 the air went quiet and peaceful , as the perkins brothers returned to sleep . 
 veronica was running down the pier , followed more slowly by max , sam , and elizabeth . 
 she reached teleport , jumped aboard , and leapt down in the bridge . 
 she hugged and kissed albert . 
 max , sam , and elizabeth climbed aboard . 
 elizabeth was staring at albert . 
 she still had the guns . 
 `` albert , '' she said . 
 `` i am sorry . 
 it may not have looked that way , but i was a prisoner . 
 please believe me . '' 
 `` i believe you . 
 you were trying to survive . 
 that 's all anyone can do . '' 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 she reached in her jacket , pulled out the guns , and handed them to albert . 
 `` please do something with these . 
 they belonged to a couple of your friends . '' 
 albert laughed , saying , `` which ones ? '' 
 remons has more goons than i have fingers and toes . '' 
 elizabeth smiled , saying , `` i do n't know . 
 please just get rid of the guns . '' 
 albert took the guns and stored them in a pocket on the bridge . 
 ms. wilson noticed a man running down the pier toward them . 
 `` someone is coming . 
 who is that ? '' 
 everyone looked up the pier . 
 it was bill shefford . 
 albert said , `` you are late . '' 
 `` kiss my ass , albert . 
 it has been a long day . '' 
 he stepped aboard teleport and hugged albert . 
 elizabeth was in shock . 
 she finally said , `` what 's going on ? '' 
 bill , albert , and caltoan looked at each other . 
 they were shrugging their shoulders . 
 albert said , `` bill ? 
 she asked you the question . 
 why should me or uncle roland answer ? '' 
 `` fine , '' bill said . 
 `` it 's simple , really . 
 roland and i have been friends since childhood . 
 in a lot of ways , we are an older version of albert and lawrence . '' 
 elizabeth was still stunned . 
 `` bill , you worked for remons for twenty years . 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 `` well , that 's true . 
 but , it did n't start out that way . 
 first , i worked at one of the acquisitions . 
 i have hated remons since the day we first met . 
 a few years ago , roland asked me to help rpw get their company back . 
 i jumped at the opportunity . 
 it took a lot of coordination , but we did it . '' 
 the women were carrying champagne bottles out of the galley and stacking them on the bridge . 
 wilson said , `` time to stop talking and start drinking ! '' 
 albert and lawrence took the champagne flutes and helped the women back on the bridge . 
 everyone moved out to the deck . 
 corks were popping , and bubbles were flowing . 
 every one was laughing and cheering . 
 ms. wilson raised her glass . 
 `` to albert and his fantastic friends . 
 thank you . '' 
 everyone raised his or her glass . 
 `` to albert ! '' 
 ms. payne raised her glass . 
 `` to bill shefford , rpw corporation 's first chief executive officer . '' 
 everyone cheered . 
 `` to bill ! '' 
 the drinking continued as everyone milled around the deck and dock . 
 bill was standing near elizabeth . 
 he asked , `` i would like you to be my executive assistant . 
 will you accept ? 
 it pays well . 
 as a bonus , i will be much easier to work for . '' 
 elizabeth smiled apologetically , saying , `` thank you , but i 've decided to work with veronica at dad 's coffee & more . 
 we have already worked out an expansion plan . '' 
 albert asked veronica to walk along the dock with him . 
 he said , `` veronica , this is n't going to work . 
 i 'm casting off in a few hours . 
 my work here is finished . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure yet . 
 i may head up to seattle . 
 or , maybe cabo san lucas . '' 
 `` ca n't you stay a few days ? 
 i would enjoy spending time with you . '' 
 he smiled at her . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 besides , you are not a one-night stand kind of girl . 
 we both know that . '' 
 they strolled slowly back down the dock to teleport . 
 the party was wrapping up . 
 everyone was exhausted . 
 elizabeth pulled veronica away from albert . 
 she was excited to talk more about the coffee shop expansion . 
 bill approached albert . 
 he whispered , `` homeland security boarded remons ship this morning . 
 i heard it on the news while driving down here . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` did you have anything to do with it ? '' 
 `` no , i promise . 
 that was n't me . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` remons is dead . 
 he was drunk and tried having a shoot out with trained soldiers . 
 he lost . '' 
 `` anyone else hurt ? '' 
 `` no . 
 thankfully not . '' 
 `` the bastard deserved death . '' 
 he pointed toward max . 
 `` he killed our fathers . '' 
 `` yes , you are right . 
 we should look on the positive side , too . 
 there is no way he can retaliate now . '' 
 bill said , `` let 's take a walk . 
 i want to show you my new car . '' 
 albert and bill walked off the dock and up to the parking lot . 
 albert said , `` you 're keeping it ? '' 
 bill laughed . 
 `` hell , yes . 
 remons just bought it three weeks ago . 
 it 's now an asset of rpw corporation . 
 might as well enjoy life - at least a little . '' 
 `` get a new license plate , please . '' 
 albert was pointing at the vanity plate on the front of the car . 
 it said , `` owner '' . 
 bill laughed . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he opened the trunk . 
 it was in the front of the car ; porsche engines are in the rear . 
 he pulled out a small bag and handed it to albert . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 bill said , `` it 's a going away present . '' 
 albert looked inside the bag . 
 he shook his head , saying , `` i ca n't take this , bill . 
 i did n't do this for money . '' 
 bill looked at him sternly . 
 `` i know you did n't do it for money . 
 between financing this multi-year project and building teleport , my guess is you have burned most , and maybe all , of your life 's savings . 
 your plan did not extend beyond remons ' destruction . '' 
 `` how much is in the bag ? '' 
 `` two million . '' 
 albert shook his head , again . 
 `` it 's too much . '' 
 `` then donate it , or use it for a good cause . 
 does n't matter to me . 
 it 's your money . '' 
 albert hugged bill . 
 he said , `` thank you . 
 you know we could not have pulled this off , without you . 
 if you ever need anything , please let me know . '' 
 sam walked up to the men and the porsche . 
 to bill , he said , `` we need to go . 
 there 's a bunch of nervous people at our new company . 
 you need to make an appearance , mr. ceo . '' 
 sam and albert hugged each other . 
 sam said , `` take care of yourself , albert . 
 you have righted many wrongs . 
 i am grateful for everything . 
 i still miss our time , working together on third shift , each taking a turn at harassing the young supervisors . 
 it was an easier life , for sure . '' 
 albert said , `` i know . 
 we had fun . 
 take care of yourself . 
 maybe i 'll be around again sometime . 
 you still owe me a hundred bucks for that bet on the 1999 superbowl . '' 
 sam reached for his wallet , just as he had done many times during the past fourteen years . 
 albert laughed and stopped him . 
 it was a running joke between them . 
 there was no wager . 
 albert had made it up , back in 1999 , convincing sam he placed the bet after a drunken night on the town . 
 sam and bill said goodbye , climbed in the porsche , and headed for oakland . 
 albert headed back to the dock . 
 max and the rpw women walked up to meet him . 
 they hugged and thanked him again . 
 ms. wilson said , `` max is flying us back to san francisco . 
 we have reached a settlement with him . 
 max has been gifted the sikorsky , as payment for his services . 
 he 's opening a charter service in the area . 
 we have agreed to use it for our transportation needs . '' 
 `` that 's fantastic , '' albert was beaming . 
 `` max , you will be an excellent business man . '' 
 max hugged albert . 
 it was a long and tearful hug . 
 albert spoke first , `` it 's over . 
 it 's our time to live . 
 that 's what they would have wanted for us . '' 
 max said , `` you 're right . 
 for us . 
 that means you , too . 
 it 's time to live , albert . 
 please ? '' 
 albert smiled . 
 `` i promise . 
 i am smiling -- inside and out . 
 it 's genuine , too . 
 for the first time in sixteen years , i swear , i am truly happy . 
 i hope you are , too . '' 
 max wiped away another tear . 
 `` i 'm happy . 
 take care of yourself . 
 do n't be a stranger . '' 
 max helped the women aboard the sikorsky . 
 he climbed in the pilot seat , started the engines , and flew away . 
 albert watched the helicopter disappear over a hilltop . 
 lawrence was returning from the parking lot . 
 he walked up to albert , saying , `` i have a taxi waiting . 
 i 'm taking your uncle and the girls back to san francisco . '' 
 albert said , `` i thought you were sailing with me for a few days ? 
 we have n't had a chance to do any real fishing . '' 
 lawrence , with tears in his eyes , hugged albert and said , `` i have to go home . 
 there 's work to do . 
 mike needs my help . '' 
 `` so , you talked your way back into the plant ? 
 you sneaky devil ! '' 
 lawrence laughed . 
 `` yeah , mike ca n't live without me . 
 he 's been lonely these last five years . 
 i have n't been there to pull any pranks . 
 i have to show him some love . '' 
 `` hug mike for me . 
 he had one of the toughest jobs , having to build the secret inventory and execute his plant disaster . 
 yet , he pulled it off flawlessly . '' 
 `` toughest jobs ? 
 albert , you are too modest . '' 
 veronica hugged albert , one last time . 
 she said , `` come back and see me . '' 
 elizabeth hugged albert and whispered in his ear , `` i truly am sorry . '' 
 she kissed him on the cheek . 
 uncle roland bear hugged albert . 
 they cried together for two minutes . 
 `` albert , your parents would be so proud . 
 i am proud of you . 
 you did good ! '' 
 `` thank you , uncle roland . '' 
 the last of the celebration party walked up the hill , climbed in the taxi , and left the marina . 
 suddenly , everyone was gone . 
 only albert and teleport remained . 
 he was alone , again . 
 albert sat down on the dock , his feet hanging down and swinging above the water . 
 he just sat -- there were no more schedules . 
 an hour passed , and then another . 
 albert was at peace . 
 he laughed at a stray cat ; it was skittering erratically around the docks . 
 he watched as fish surfaced and disappeared , and as boats sailed in and out of the marina . 
 he saw three dolphins move elegantly through the marina waters , and then head back out to the open sea . 
 the cat was longhaired and beige-brown in color , with blends of white interspersed along its body . 
 it had a mashed looking face , and it probably was some type of persian . 
 warily , it would approach albert , and then , suddenly , a mysterious nothing would frighten the cat , and it would run away . 
 this went on for two hours . 
 finally , the cat raised enough courage . 
 he rubbed against albert 's arm and purred loudly . 
 he also taught albert something new ; that not all cats could meow . 
 the cat 's voice was as erratic as its behavior . 
 sometimes , it sounded like a plea for help , as if he were being attacked . 
 other times , it sounded like a baby , crying for its mother . 
 albert stood up , expecting the skittish cat to run away ; it did not . 
 albert climbed aboard teleport , stepped down in the bridge , and roused the perkins brothers . 
 it was time to go . 
 he stepped back up on the deck , ready to release the dock lines . 
 the cat was sitting on the cabin top , purring loudly . 
 it sounded like there was an engine rumbling inside the cat 's gut . 
 albert looked at the cat . 
 `` ship sails in one minute . 
 time to go back to the dock . '' 
 he picked up the cat , gently placing him on the dock . 
 the cat immediately jumped back on teleport , walked confidently forward , and sat down on the bow . 
 he looked back at albert , and seemingly said , `` i 'm ready -- what are you waiting on ? '' 
 `` well , if you are sticking around , then you will need a name . '' 
 albert picked up the cat and carried him to the bridge . 
 he sat the cat on the dash console in front of the helm . 
 the cat slumped over the edge of the console and hung precariously . 
 albert smiled and looked up at a picture on the ceiling -- the one of dad 's cat , jagsy , hanging over the rail of paradise winds . 
 still looking at the pictures , albert said , `` thanks for sending me a companion , dad . 
 i love and miss you . '' 
 albert looked at the cat and smiled . 
 `` jagsy , '' he said , `` that 's your name . '' 
 `` jagsy , it is time to shove off . '' 
 for sixteen years , he wanted revenge for his father 's death . 
 for five years , he methodically hatched and executed that revenge . 
 it was now finished . 
 today was a new day . 
 yes , it was the first day of albert 's new life . 
 * * * * * if you enjoyed the owner , please share your comments on the bookseller 's site . 
 reviews are important to the author and help support his efforts on the subsequent books in the albert pabek thriller series . 
 about the author shane simpson is an american author , born and raised in the southwestern united states . 
 he is married and has two children . 
 he holds undergraduate and graduate degrees in business administration . 
 albert pabek thriller series 1 -- the owner , an albert pabek thriller 2 -- the death of paradise winds , an albert pabek novella follow shane simpson & albert pabek shanesimpsonbooks.com albertpabek.com albert pabek biography born in 1976 , albert pabek lived in michigan until 2012 . 
 an only child , he is the son of the late frank and betty pabek . 
 he stands six foot one and weighs 212 pounds . 
 he has black hair and pale green eyes . 
 albert is a college dropout . 
 he attended a nearby university for three years , attempting a major in corporate finance . 
 from 1994 to 2008 , he was a production worker at metal presses incorporated , an automotive parts manufacturer . 
 albert was fired in 2008 , a victim of economic displacement during the great recession . 
 from 2008 to 2012 , albert designed and built teleport , his 60-foot , technologically advanced sailboat , in a central michigan barn . 
 he moved teleport to seattle in late 2012 and launched her on january 1 , 2013 . 
 albert now lives aboard teleport and sails full time . 
