 the gate was packed with weary travelers , most of them standing and huddled along the walls because the meager allotment of plastic chairs had long since been taken . 
 every plane that came and went held at least eighty passengers , yet the gate had seats for only a few dozen . 
 there seemed to be a thousand waiting for the 7 p.m. flight to miami . 
 they were bundled up and heavily laden , and after fighting the traffic and the check-in and the mobs along the concourse they were subdued , as a whole . 
 it was the sunday after thanksgiving , one of the busiest days of the year for air travel , and as they jostled and got pushed farther into the gate many asked themselves , not for the first time , why , exactly , they had chosen this day to fly . 
 the reasons were varied and irrelevant at the moment . 
 some tried to smile . 
 some tried to read , but the crush and the noise made it difficult . 
 others just stared at the floor and waited . 
 nearby a skinny black santa claus clanged an irksome bell and droned out holiday greetings . 
 a small family approached , and when they saw the gate number and the mob they stopped along the edge of the concourse and began their wait . 
 the daughter was young and pretty . 
 her name was blair , and she was obviously leaving . 
 her parents were not . 
 the three gazed at the crowd , and they , too , at that moment , silently asked themselves why they had picked this day to travel . 
 the tears were over , at least most of them . 
 blair was twenty-three , fresh from graduate school with a handsome resume but not ready for a career . 
 a friend from college was in africa with the peace corps , and this had inspired blair to dedicate the next two years to helping others . 
 her assignment was eastern peru , where she would teach primitive little children how to read . 
 she would live in a lean-to with no plumbing , no electricity , no phone , and she was anxious to begin her journey . 
 the flight would take her to miami , then to lima , then by bus for three days into the mountains , into another century . 
 for the first time in her young and sheltered life , blair would spend christmas away from home . 
 her mother clutched her hand and tried to be strong . 
 the good - byes had all been said . 
 `` are you sure this is what you want ? '' 
 had been asked for the hundredth time . 
 luther , her father , studied the mob with a scowl on his face . 
 what madness , '' he said to himself . 
 he had dropped them at the curb , then driven miles to park in a satellite lot . 
 a packed shuttle bus had delivered him back to departures , and from there he had elbowed his way with his wife and daughter down to this gate . 
 he was sad that blair was leaving , and he detested the swarming horde of people . 
 he was in a foul mood . 
 things would get worse for luther . 
 the harried gate agents came to life and the passengers inched forward . 
 the first announcement was made , the one asking those who needed extra time and those in first class to come forward . 
 the pushing and shoving rose to the next level . 
 `` i guess we 'd better go , '' luther said to his daughter , his only child . 
 they hugged again and fought back the tears . 
 blair smiled and said , `` the year will fly by . 
 i 'll be home next christmas . '' 
 nora , her mother , bit her lip and nodded and kissed her once more . 
 `` please be careful , '' she said because she could n't stop saying it . 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 they released her and watched helplessly as she joined a long line and inched away , away from them , away from home and security and everything she 'd ever known . 
 as she handed over her boarding pass , blair turned and smiled at them one last time . 
 `` oh well , '' luther said . 
 `` enough of this . 
 she 's going to be fine . '' 
 nora could think of nothing to say as she watched her daughter disappear . 
 they turned and fell in with the foot traffic , one long crowded march down the concourse , past the santa claus with the irksome bell , past the tiny shops packed with people . 
 it was raining when they left the terminal and found the line for the shuttle back to the satellite , and it was pouring when the shuttle sloshed its way through the lot and dropped them off , two hundred yards from their car . 
 it cost luther $ 7.00 to free himself and his car from the greed of the airport authority . 
 when they were moving toward the city , nora finally spoke . 
 `` will she be okay ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he had heard that question so often that his response was an automatic grunt . 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` do you really think so ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 whether he did or he did n't , what did it matter at this point ? 
 she was gone ; they could n't stop her . 
 he gripped the wheel with both hands and silently cursed the traffic slowing in front of him . 
 he could n't tell if his wife was crying or not . 
 luther wanted only to get home and dry off , sit by the fire , and read a magazine . 
 he was within two miles of home when she announced , `` i need a few things from the grocery . '' 
 `` it 's raining , '' he said . 
 `` i still need them . '' 
 `` ca n't it wait ? '' 
 `` you can stay in the car . 
 just take a minute . 
 go to chip 's . 
 it 's open today . '' 
 so he headed for chip 's , a place he despised not only for its outrageous prices and snooty staff but also for its impossible location . 
 it was still raining of course she could n't pick a kroger where you could park and make a dash . 
 no , she wanted chip 's , where you parked and hiked . 
 only sometimes you could n't park at all . 
 the lot was full . 
 the fire lanes were packed . 
 he searched in vain for ten minutes before nora said , `` just drop me at the curb . '' 
 she was frustrated at his inability to find a suitable spot . 
 he wheeled into a space near a burger joint and demanded , `` give me a list . '' 
 `` i 'll go , '' she said , but only in feigned protest . 
 luther would hike through the rain and they both knew it . 
 `` gim me a list . '' 
 `` just white chocolate and a pound of pistachios , '' she said , relieved . 
 `` that 's all ? '' 
 `` yes , and make sure it 's logan 's chocolate , one-pound bar , and lance brothers pistachios . '' 
 `` and this could n't wait ? '' 
 `` no , luther , it can not wait . 
 i 'm doing dessert for lunch tomorrow . 
 if you do n't want to go , then hush up and i 'll go . '' 
 he slammed the door . 
 his third step was into a shallow pothole . 
 cold water soaked his right ankle and oozed down quickly into his shoe . 
 he froze for a second and caught his breath , then stepped away on his toes , trying desperately to spot other puddles while dodging traffic . 
 chip 's believed in high prices and modest rent . 
 it was on a side alley , not visible from anywhere really . 
 next to it was a wine shop run by a european of some strain who claimed to be french but was rumored to be hungarian . 
 his english was awful but he 'd learned the language of price gouging . 
 probably learned it from chip 's next door . 
 in fact all the shops in the district , as it was known , strove to be discriminating . 
 and every shop was full . 
 another santa clanged away with the same bell outside the cheese shop . 
 `` rudolph the red-nosed reindeer rattled from a hidden speaker above the sidewalk in front of mother earth , where the crunchy people were no doubt still wearing their sandals . 
 luther hated the store-refused to set foot inside . 
 nora bought organic herbs there , for what reason he 'd never been certain . 
 the old mexican who owned the cigar store was happily stringing lights in his window , pipe stuck in the corner of his mouth , smoke drifting behind him , fake snow already sprayed on a fake tree . 
 there was a chance of real snow later in the night . 
 the shoppers wasted no time as they hustled in and out of the stores . 
 the sock on luther 's right foot was now frozen to his ankle . 
 there were no shopping baskets near the checkout at chip 's , and of course this was a bad sign . 
 luther did n't need one , but it meant the place was packed . 
 the aisles were narrow and the inventory was laid out in such a way that nothing made sense . 
 regardless of what was on your list , you had to crisscross the place half a dozen times to finish up . 
 a stock boy was working hard on a display of christmas chocolates . 
 a sign by the butcher demanded that all good customers order their christmas turkeys immediately . 
 new christmas wines were in ! 
 and christmas hams ! 
 what a waste , luther thought to himself . 
 why do we eat so much and drink so much in the celebration of the birth of christ ? 
 he found the pistachios near the bread . 
 odd how that made sense at chip 's . 
 the white chocolate was nowhere near the baking section , so luther cursed under his breath and trudged along the aisles , looking at everything . 
 he got bumped by a shopping cart . 
 no apology , no one noticed . 
 `` god rest ye merry gentlemen '' was coming from above , as if luther was supposed to be comforted . 
 might as well be `` frosty the snowman . '' 
 two aisles over , next to a selection of rice from around the world , there was a shelf of baking chocolates . 
 as he stepped closer , he recognized a one-pound bar of logan 's . 
 another step closer and it suddenly disappeared , snatched from his grasp by a harsh-looking woman who never saw him . 
 the little space reserved for logan 's was empty , and in the next desperate moment luther saw not another speck of white chocolate . 
 lots of dark and medium chips and such , but nothing white . 
 the express line was , of course , slower than the other two . 
 chip 's outrageous prices forced its customers to buy in small quantities , but this had no effect whatsoever on the speed with which they came and went . 
 each item was lifted , inspected , and manually entered into the register by an unpleasant cashier . 
 sacking was hit or miss , though around christmas the sackers came to life with smiles and enthusiasm and astounding recall of customers ' names . 
 it was the tipping season , yet another unseemly aspect of christmas that luther loathed . 
 six bucks and change for a pound of pistachios . 
 he shoved the eager young sacker away , and for a second thought he might have to strike him to keep his precious pistachios out of another bag . 
 he stuffed them into the pocket of his overcoat and quickly left the store . 
 a crowd had stopped to watch the old mexican decorate his cigar store window . 
 he was plugging in little robots who trudged through the fake snow , and this delighted the crowd no end , luther was forced to move off the curb , and in doing so he stepped just left instead of just right . 
 his left foot sank into five inches of cold slush . 
 he froze for a split second , sucking in lungfuls of cold air , cursing the old mexican and his robots and his fans and the damned pistachios . 
 he yanked his foot upward and slung dirty water on his pants leg , and standing at the curb , with two frozen feet and the bell clanging away and `` santa claus is coming to town '' blaring from the loudspeaker and the sidewalk blocked by revelers , luther began to hate christmas . 
 the water had seeped into his toes by the time he reached his car . 
 `` no white chocolate , '' he hissed at nora as he crawled behind the wheel . 
 she was wiping her eyes . 
 `` what is it now ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` i just talked to blair . '' 
 `` what ? 
 how ? 
 is she all right ? '' 
 `` she called from the airplane . 
 she 's fine . '' 
 nora was biting her lip , trying to recover . 
 exactly how much does it cost to phone home from thirty thousand feet ? 
 luther wondered . 
 he 'd seen phones on planes . 
 any credit card 'll do . 
 blair had one he 'd given her , the type where the bills are sent to mom and dad . 
 from a cell phone up there to a cell phone down here , probably at least ten bucks . 
 and for what ? 
 i 'm fine , mom . 
 have n't seen you in almost an hour . 
 we all love each other . 
 we 'll all miss each other . 
 got ta go , mom . 
 the engine was running though luther did n't remember starting it . 
 `` you forgot the white chocolate ? '' 
 nora asked , fully recovered . 
 `` no . 
 i did n't forget it . 
 they did n't have any . '' 
 `` did you ask rex ? '' 
 `` who 's rex ? '' 
 `` the butcher . '' 
 `` no , nora , for some reason i did n't think to ask the butcher if he had any white chocolate hidden among his chops and livers . '' 
 she yanked the door handle with all the frustration she could muster . 
 `` i have to have it . 
 thanks for nothing . '' 
 and she was gone . 
 i hope you step in frozen water , luther grumbled to himself . 
 he fumed and muttered other unpleasantries . 
 he switched the heater vents to the floorboard to thaw his feet , then watched the large people come and go at the burger place . 
 traffic was stalled on the streets beyond . 
 how nice it would be to avoid christmas , he began to think . 
 a snap of the fingers and it 's january 2 . 
 no tree , no shopping , no meaningless gifts , no tipping , no clutter and wrappings , no traffic and crowds , no fruitcakes , no liquor and hams that no one needed , no `` rudolph '' and `` frosty , '' no office party , no wasted money . 
 his list grew long . 
 he huddled over the wheel , smiling now , waiting for heat down below , dreaming pleasantly of escape . 
 she was back , with a small brown sack which she tossed beside him just carefully enough not to crack the chocolate while letting him know that she 'd found it and he had n't . 
 `` everybody knows you have to ask , '' she said sharply as she yanked at her shoulder harness . 
 `` odd way of marketing , '' luther mused , in reverse now . 
 `` hide it by the butcher , make it scarce , folks 'll clamor for it . 
 i 'm sure they charge more if it 's hidden . '' 
 `` oh hush , luther '' `` are your feet wet ? '' 
 `` no . 
 yours ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then why 'd you ask ? '' 
 `` just worried . '' 
 `` do you think she 'll be all right ? '' 
 `` she 's on an airplane . 
 you just talked to her . '' 
 `` i mean down there , in the jungle . '' 
 `` stop worrying , okay ? 
 the peace corps would n't send her into a dangerous place . '' 
 `` it wo n't be the same . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` christmas . '' 
 it certainly will not , luther almost said . 
 oddly , he was smiling as he worked his way through traffic . 
 with his feet toasty and besocked with heavy wool , luther fell fast asleep and woke up even faster . 
 nora was roaming . 
 she was in the bathroom flushing and flipping lights , then she left for the kitchen , where she fixed an herbal tea , then he heard her down the hall in blair 's room , no doubt staring at the walls and sniffling over where the years had gone . 
 then she was back in bed , rolling and jerking covers and trying her best to wake him . 
 she wanted dialogue , a sounding board . 
 she wanted luther to assure her blair was safe from the horrors of the peruvian jungle . 
 but luther was frozen , not flinching at any joint , breathing as heavily as possible because if the dialogue began again it would run for hours . 
 he pretended to snore and that settled her down . 
 it was after eleven when she grew still . 
 luther was wild-eyed , and his feet were smoldering . 
 when he was absolutely certain she was asleep , he eased from the bed , ripped off the heavy socks and tossed them into a corner , and tiptoed down the hall to the kitchen for a glass of water . 
 then a pot of decaf . 
 an hour later he was in his basement office , at his desk with files open , the computer humming , spreadsheets in the printer , an investigator searching for evidence . 
 luther was a tax accountant by trade , so his records were meticulous . 
 the evidence piled up and he forgot about sleep . 
 a year earlier , the luther krank family had spent $ 6,100 on christmas - $ 6,100 ! 
 - $ 6,100 on decorations , lights , flowers , a new frosty , and a canadian spruce ; $ 6,100 on hams , turkeys , pecans , cheese balls , and cookies no one ate ; $ 6,100 on wines and liquors and cigars around the office ; $ 6,100 on fruitcakes from the firemen and the rescue squad , and calendars from the police association ; $ 6,100 on luther for a cashmere sweater he secretly loathed and a sports jacket he 'd worn twice and an ostrich skin wallet that was quite expensive and quite ugly and frankly he did n't like the feel of . 
 on nora for a dress she wore to the company 's christmas dinner and her own cashmere sweater , which had not been seen since she unwrapped it , and a designer scarf she loved , $ 6,100 . 
 on blair $ 6,100 for an overcoat , gloves and boots , and a walkman for her jogging , and , of course , the latest , slimmest cell phone on the market - $ 6,100 on lesser gifts for a select handful of distant relatives , most on nora 's side - $ 6,100 on christmas cards from a stationer three doors down from chip 's , in the district , where all prices were double ; $ 6,100 for the party , an annual christmas eve bash at the krank home , and what was left of it ? 
 perhaps a useful item or two , but nothing much - $ 6,100 ! 
 with great relish luther tallied the damage , as if it had been inflicted by someone else . 
 all evidence was coming neatly together and making a very strong case , he waffled a bit at the end , where he 'd saved the charity numbers . 
 gifts to the church , to the toy drive , to the homeless shelter and the food bank . 
 but he raced through the benevolence and came right back to the awful conclusion : $ 6,100 for christmas . 
 - `` nine percent of my adjusted gross , '' he said in disbelief . 
 `` six thousand , one hundred . 
 cash . 
 all but six hundred nondeductible . '' 
 in his distress , he did something he rarely did . 
 luther reached for the bottle of cognac in his desk drawer , and knocked back a few drinks . 
 he slept from three to six , and roared to life during his shower . 
 nora wanted to fret over coffee and oatmeal , but luther would have none of it . 
 he read the paper , laughed at the comics , assured her twice that blair was having a ball , then kissed her and raced away to the office , a the travel agency was in the atrium of luther 's building . 
 he walked by it at least twice each day , seldom glancing at the window displays of beaches and mountains and sailboats and pyramids . 
 it was there for those lucky enough to travel . 
 luther had never stepped inside , never thought about it actually . 
 their vacation was five days at the beach , in a friend 's condo , and with his workload they were lucky to get that . 
 he stole away just after ten . 
 he used the stairs so he would n't have to explain anything , and darted through the door of regency travel . 
 biff was waiting for him . 
 biff had a large flower in her hair and a waxy bronze tan , and she looked as if she 'd just dropped by the shop for a few hours between beaches . 
 her comely smile stopped luther cold , and her first words left him flabbergasted . 
 `` you need a cruise , '' she said . 
 `` how 'd you know ? '' 
 he managed to mumble . 
 her hand was out , grabbing his , shaking it , leading him to her long desk , where she placed him on one side while she perched herself on the other . 
 long bronze legs , luther noted . 
 beach legs . 
 `` december is the best time of year for a cruise , '' she began , and luther was already sold . 
 the brochures came in a torrent . 
 she unfolded them across her desk , under his dreamy eyes . 
 `` you work in the building ? '' 
 she asked , easing near the issue of money . 
 `` wiley beck , sixth floor , '' luther said without removing his eyes from the floating palaces , the endless beaches . 
 `` bail bondsmen ? '' 
 she said . 
 luther flinched just a bit . 
 `` no . 
 tax accountants . '' 
 `` sorry , '' she said , kicking herself . 
 the pale skin , the dark eye circles , the standard blue oxford-cloth button-down with bad imitation prep school tie . 
 she should have known better . 
 oh well . 
 she reached for even glossier brochures . 
 `` do n't believe we get too many from your firm . '' 
 `` we do n't do vacations very well . 
 lots of work . 
 i like this one right here . '' 
 `` great choice . '' 
 they settled on the island princess , a spanking-new mammoth vessel with rooms for three thousand , four pools , three casinos , nonstop food , eight stops in the caribbean , and the list went on and on . 
 luther left with a stack of brochures and scurried back to his office six floors up . 
 the ambush was carefully planned . 
 first , he worked late , which was certainly not unusual , but at any rate helped set the stage for the evening . 
 he got lucky with the weather because it was still dreary . 
 hard to get in the spirit of the season when the skies were damp and gray . 
 and much easier to dream about ten luxurious days in the sun . 
 if nora was n't worrying about blair , then he 'd certainly get her started . 
 he 'd simply mention some dreadful piece of news about a new virus or perhaps a colombian village massacre , and that would set her off . 
 keep her mind off the joys of christmas . 
 wo n't be the same without blair , will it ? 
 why do n't we take a break this year ? 
 go hide . 
 go escape . 
 indulge ourselves . 
 sure enough , nora was off in the jungle . 
 she hugged him and smiled and tried to hide the fact that she 'd been crying . 
 her day had gone reasonably well . 
 she 'd survived the ladies ' luncheon and spent two hours at the children 's clinic , part of her grinding volunteer schedule . 
 while she heated up the pasta , he sneaked a reggae cd into the stereo , but did n't push play . 
 timing was crucial . 
 they chatted about blair , and not long into the dinner nora kicked the door open . 
 `` it 'll be so different this christmas , wo n't it , luther ? '' 
 `` yes it will , '' he said sadly , swallowing hard . 
 `` nothing 'll be the same . '' 
 `` for the first time in twenty-three years , she wo n't be here . '' 
 `` it might even be depressing . 
 lots of depression at christmas , you know . '' 
 luther quickly swallowed and his fork grew still . 
 `` i 'd love to just forget about it , '' she said , her words ebbing at the end . 
 luther flinched and cocked his good ear in her direction . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` well ! '' 
 he said dramatically , shoving his plate forward . 
 `` now that you mention it . 
 there 's something i want to discuss with you . '' 
 `` finish your pasta . '' 
 `` i 'm finished , '' he announced , jumping to his feet . 
 his briefcase was just a few steps away , and he attacked it . 
 `` luther , what are you doing ? '' 
 `` hang on . '' 
 he stood across the table from her , papers in both hands . 
 `` here 's my idea , '' he said proudly . 
 `` and it 's brilliant . '' 
 `` why am i nervous ? '' 
 he unfolded a spreadsheet , and began pointing . 
 `` here , my dear , is what we did last christmas . 
 six thousand , one hundred dollars we spent on christmas . 
 six thousand , one hundred dollars . '' 
 `` i heard you the first time . '' 
 `` and precious little to show for it . 
 the vast majority of it down the drain . 
 wasted . 
 and that , of course , does not include my time , your time , the traffic , stress , worry , bickering , ill-will , sleep loss-all the wonderful things that we pour into the holiday season . '' 
 `` where is this going ? '' 
 `` thanks for asking . '' 
 luther dropped the spreadsheets and , quick as a magician , presented the island princess to his wife . 
 brochures covered the table . 
 `` where is this going , my dear ? 
 it 's going to the caribbean . 
 ten days of total luxury on the island princess , the fanciest cruise ship in the world . 
 the bahamas , jamaica , grand cayman , oops . 
 , wait a minute , '' luther dashed into the den , hit the play button , waited for the first notes , adjusted the volume , then dashed back to the kitchen where nora was inspecting a brochure . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` reggae , the stuff they listen to down there . 
 anyway , where was i ? '' 
 `` you were island hopping . '' 
 `` right , we 'll snorkel on grand cayman , windsurf in jamaica , lie on the beaches . 
 ten days , nora , ten fabulous days '' `` i 'll have to lose some weight . '' 
 `` we 'll both go on a diet . 
 whatta you say ? '' 
 `` what 's the catch ? '' 
 `` the catch is simple . 
 we do n't do christmas . 
 we save the money , spend it on ourselves for once . 
 not a dime on food we wo n't eat or clothes we wo n't wear or gifts no one needs . 
 not one red cent . 
 it 's a boycott , nora , a complete boycott of christmas . '' 
 `` sounds awful . '' 
 `` no , it 's wonderful . 
 and it 's just for one year . 
 let 's take a break . 
 blair 's not here . 
 she 'll be back next year and we can jump back into the christmas chaos , if that 's what you want . 
 come on , nora , please . 
 we skip christmas , save the money , and go splash in the caribbean for ten days . '' 
 `` how much will it cost ? '' 
 `` three thousand bucks . '' 
 `` so we save money ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 `` when do we leave ? '' 
 `` high noon , christmas day . '' 
 they stared at each other for a long time . 
 the deal was closed in bed , with the television on but muted , with magazines scattered over the sheets , all unread , with the brochures not far away on the night table . 
 luther was scanning a financial newspaper but seeing little . 
 nora had a paperback but the pages were n't turning . 
 the deal breaker had been their charitable giving . 
 she simply refused to forgo it , or skip it , as luther insisted on saying . 
 she had reluctantly agreed to buy no gifts . 
 she also wept at the thought of no tree , though luther had mercilessly driven home the point that they yelled at each other every christmas when they decorated the damned thing . 
 and no frosty on the roof ? 
 when every house on the street would have one ? 
 which brought up the issue of public ridicule . 
 would n't they be scorned for ignoring christmas ? 
 so what , luther had replied over and over . 
 their friends and neighbors might disapprove at first , but secretly they would burn with envy . 
 ten days in the caribbean , nora , he kept telling her . 
 their friends and neighbors wo n't be laughing when they 're shoveling snow , will they ? 
 no jeers from the spectators when we 're roasting in the sun and they 're bloated on turkey and dressing . 
 no smirks when we return thin and tanned and completely unafraid of going to the mailbox . 
 nora had seldom seen him so determined . 
 he methodically killed all her arguments , one by one , until nothing was left but their charitable giving . 
 `` you 're going to let a lousy six hundred bucks stand between us and a caribbean cruise ? '' 
 luther asked with great sarcasm . 
 `` no , you are , '' she replied coolly . 
 and with that they went to their corners and tried to read . 
 but after a tense , silent hour , luther kicked off the sheets and yanked off the wool socks and said , `` all right . 
 let 's match last year 's charitable gifts , but not a penny more . '' 
 she flung her paperback and went for his neck . 
 they embraced , kissed , then she reached for the brochures . 
 though it was luther 's scheme , nora was the first to be tested . 
 the call came on tuesday morning , from a pricklish man she did n't much care for . 
 his name was aubie , and he owned the pumpkin seed , a pompous little stationery store with a silly name and absurd prices . 
 after the obligatory greeting , aubie came right to the point . 
 `` just a bit worried about your christmas cards , mrs. krank , '' he said , trying to seem deeply concerned . 
 `` why are you worried ? '' 
 nora asked . 
 she did not like being hounded by a crabby shopkeeper who would barely speak to her the rest of the year . 
 `` oh well , you always select the most beautiful cards , mrs. krank , and we need to order them now . '' 
 he was bad at flattery . 
 every customer got the same line . 
 according to luther 's audit , the pumpkin seed had collected $ 318 from the kranks last christmas for cards , and at the moment it did seem somewhat extravagant . 
 not a major expense , but what did they get from it ? 
 luther flatly refused to help with the addressing and stamping , and he flew hot every time she asked if so-and-so should be added to or deleted from their list . 
 he also refused to offer so much as a glance at any of the cards they received , and nora had to admit to herself that there was a diminishing joy in getting them . 
 so she stood straight and said , `` we 're not ordering cards this year . '' 
 she could almost hear luther applauding . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` you heard me . '' 
 `` may i ask why not ? '' 
 `` you certainly may not . '' 
 to which aubie had no response . 
 he stuttered something then hung up , and for a moment nora was filled with pride . 
 she wavered , though , as she thought of the questions that would be raised . 
 her sister , their minister 's wife , friends on the literacy board , her aunt in a retirement village-all would ask , at some point , what happened to their christmas cards . 
 lost in the mail ? 
 ran out of time ? 
 no . 
 she would tell them the truth . 
 no christmas for us this year ; blair 's gone and we 're taking a cruise . 
 and if you missed the cards that much , then i 'll send you two next year . 
 rallying , with a fresh cup of coffee , nora asked herself how many of those on her list would even notice . 
 she received a few dozen each year , a dwindling number , she admitted , and she kept no log of who bothered and who did n't . 
 in the turmoil of christmas , who really had time to fret over a card that did n't come ? 
 which brought up another of luther 's favorite holiday gripes-the emergency stash . 
 nora kept an extra supply so she could respond immediately to an unexpected card . 
 every year they received two or three from total strangers and a few from folks who had n't sent them before , and within twenty-four hours she 'd dash off the kranks ' holiday greetings in response , always with her standard handwritten note of good cheer and peace be with you . 
 of course it was foolish . 
 she decided that she would n't miss the entire ritual of christmas cards . 
 she would n't miss the tedium of writing all those little messages , and hand-addressing a hundred or so envelopes , and stamping them , and mailing them , and worrying about who she forgot . 
 she would n't miss the bulk they added to the daily mail , and the hastily opened envelopes , and the standard greetings from people as hurried as herself . 
 freed of christmas cards , nora called luther for a little propping . 
 he was at his desk . 
 she replayed the encounter with aubie . 
 `` that little worm , '' luther mumbled . 
 `` congratulations , '' he said when she finished . 
 `` it was n't hard at all , '' she gushed . 
 `` just think of all those beaches , dear , just waiting down there . '' 
 `` what have you eaten ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` nothing . 
 i 'm still at three hundred calories . '' 
 `` me too . '' 
 when she hung up , luther returned to the task at hand . 
 he was n't crunching numbers or grappling with irs regs , as usual , but instead he was drafting a letter to his colleagues . 
 his first christmas letter . 
 in it , he was carefully and artfully explaining to the office why he would not be participating in the holiday rituals , and , in turn , he would appreciate it if everyone else just left him alone . 
 he would buy no gifts and would accept none . 
 thank you anyway . 
 he would not attend the firm 's black-tie christmas dinner , nor would he be there for the drunken mess they called the office party . 
 he did n't want the cognac and the ham that certain clients gave to all the big shots each year . 
 he was n't angry and he would not yell `` humbug ! '' 
 at anyone who offered him a `` merry christmas . '' 
 he was simply skipping christmas . 
 and taking a cruise instead . 
 he spent most of the quiet morning on his letter , and typed it himself . 
 he would place a copy on every desk at wiley beck . 
 the gravity of their scheme hit hard the next day , just after dinner . 
 it was entirely possible to enjoy christmas without cards , without parties and dinners , without needless gifts , without a lot of things that for some reason had been piled onto the birth of christ . 
 but how could anyone get through the holidays without a tree ? 
 skip the tree , and luther knew they just might pull it off . 
 they were clearing the table , though there was precious little to clear . 
 baked chicken and cottage cheese made for an easy cleanup , and luther was still hungry when the doorbell rang . 
 `` i 'll get it , '' he said . 
 through the front window of the living room he saw the trailer out in the street , and he knew instantly that the next fifteen minutes would not be pleasant . 
 he opened the door and was met with three smiling faces-two youngsters dressed smartly in full boy scout regalia , and behind them mr. scanlon , the neighborhood 's permanent scoutmaster . 
 he too was in uniform . 
 `` good evening , '' luther said to the kids . 
 `` hello , mr. krank . 
 i 'm randy bogan , '' said the taller of the two . 
 `` we 're selling christmas trees again this year . '' 
 `` got yours out on the trailer , '' said the shorter one . 
 ` you had a canadian blue spruce last year , mr. scan-ion said . 
 luther glanced beyond them , to the long flatbed trailer covered with two neat rows of trees . 
 a small army of scouts was busy unloading and hauling them away to luther 's neighbors . 
 `` how much ? '' 
 luther asked . 
 `` ninety dollars , answered randy . 
 `` we had to go up a little 'cause our supplier went up too . '' 
 eighty last year , luther almost said but held his tongue . 
 nora materialized from nowhere and suddenly had her chin on his shoulder . 
 `` they 're so cute , '' she whispered . 
 the boys or the trees ? 
 luther almost asked . 
 why could n't she stay in the kitchen and let him slug his way through this one ? 
 with a big fake smile , luther said , `` sorry , but we 're not buying one this year '' blank faces . 
 puzzled faces . 
 sad faces . 
 a groan from just over his shoulder as the pain hit nora . 
 looking at the boys , with his wife literally breathing down his neck , luther krank knew that this was the pivotal moment . 
 snap here , and the floodgates would open . 
 buy a tree , then decorate it , then realize that no tree looks complete without a pile of presents stuffed under it . 
 hang tough , old boy , luther urged himself , just as his wife whispered , `` oh dear . '' 
 `` hush , '' he hissed from the corner of his mouth . 
 the boys stared up at mr. krank , as if he 'd just taken the last coins from their pockets . 
 `` sorry we had to go up on the price , '' randy said sadly . 
 `` we 're making less per tree than last year , mr. scanlon added helpfully . 
 `` it 's not the price , boys , '' luther said with another bogus grin . 
 `` we 're not doing christmas this year . 
 gon na be out of town . 
 no need for a tree . 
 thanks anyway . '' 
 the boys began looking at their feet , as wounded children will do , and mr. scanlon appeared to be heartbroken . 
 nora offered another pitiful groan , and luther , near panic , had a brilliant thought . 
 `` do n't you boys go out west each year , for a big camporee of some sort ? 
 new mexico , in august , i seem to recall from a flyer . '' 
 they were caught off guard but all three nodded slowly . 
 `` good , here 's the deal . 
 i 'll pass on the tree , but you guys come back in the summer and i 'll give you a hundred bucks for your trip . '' 
 randy bogan managed to say `` thanks , but only because he felt obligated . 
 they suddenly wanted to leave . 
 luther slowly closed the door on them , then waited . 
 they stood there on the front steps for a moment or two , then retreated down the drive , glancing over their shoulders . 
 when they reached the truck another adult , in uniform , was told the bizarre news . 
 others heard it , and before long activity around the trailer came to a halt as the scouts and their leaders grouped at the end of the kranks ' driveway and stared at the krank house as if aliens were on the roof . 
 luther crouched low and peeked around the open curtains of the living room . 
 `` what are they doing ? '' 
 nora whispered behind him , crouching too . 
 `` just staring , i guess . '' 
 `` maybe we should 've bought one . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` do n't have to put it up , you know . '' 
 `` quiet . '' 
 `` just keep it in the backyard . '' 
 `` stop it , nora . 
 why are you whispering ? 
 this is our house . '' 
 `` same reason you 're hiding behind the curtains . '' 
 he stood straight and closed the curtains . 
 the scouts moved on , their trailer inching down the street as the trees on hemlock street were delivered . 
 luther built a fire and settled into his recliner for some reading , tax stuff . 
 he was alone because nora was pouting , a short spell that would be over by morning . 
 if he 'd faced down the boy scouts , then who should he fear ? 
 more encounters were coming , no doubt , and that was one of the very reasons luther disliked christmas . 
 everybody selling something , raising money , looking for a tip , a bonus , something , something , something . 
 he grew indignant again and felt fine . 
 he eased from the house an hour later . 
 on the sidewalk that bordered hemlock , he shuffled along , going nowhere . 
 the air was cool and light . 
 after a few steps he stopped by the beckers ' mailbox and looked into the front window of the living room , not far away . 
 they were decorating their tree , and he could almost hear the bickering . 
 ned becker was balancing himself on the top rung of a small ladder and stringing lights , while jude becker stood back a step and carped directions . 
 jude 's mother , an ageless wonder even more terrifying than jude herself , was also in on the fray . 
 she was pointing directions to poor ned , and her directions were in sharp conflict to those of jude . 
 string them here , string them there . 
 that branch , no that other branch . 
 ca n't you see that gap there ? 
 what on earth are you looking at ? 
 meanwhile , rocky becker , their twenty-year-old dropout , was sitting on the sofa with a can of something , laughing at them and offering advice that was apparently being ignored . 
 he was the only one laughing , though . 
 the scene made luther smile . 
 it reinforced his wisdom , made him proud of his decision to simply avoid the whole mess . 
 he shuffled along , filling his haughty lungs with the cool air , happy that for the first time in his life he was eliminating the dreaded ritual of the tree trimming . 
 two doors down he stopped and watched the frohmeyer clan assault an eight-foot spruce . 
 mr. frohmeyer had brought two kids to the marriage . 
 mrs. frohmeyer had arrived with three of her own , after which they produced another , making six , the eldest of which was no more than twelve . 
 the entire brood was hanging ornaments and tinsel . 
 at some point during every december luther overheard one of the neighborhood women comment on just how awful the frohmeyer tree looked . 
 as if he cared . 
 awful or not , they were certainly having a wonderful time draping it with tacky decorations . 
 frohmeyer did research at the university , $ 110,000 a year was the rumor , but with six kids there was n't much to show for it . 
 their tree would be the last to come down after new year 's . 
 luther turned around and headed home . 
 at the beckers ' , ned was on the sofa with an icepack on his shoulder , jude hovering over him , lecturing with her finger . 
 the ladder was on its side , being inspected by the mother-in-law . 
 whatever the cause of the fall , there was no doubt that all blame would be placed on poor ned . 
 great , thought luther . 
 now i 'll have to listen to details of another ailment for the next four months . 
 come to think of it , ned becker had fallen off that ladder before , five maybe six years earlier . 
 crashed into the tree and knocked the whole thing oven broke jude 's keepsake ornaments . 
 she 'd pouted for a year . 
 what madness , thought luther . 
 nora and two friends had just captured a table at their favorite deli , a converted service station that still sold gas but had also added designer sandwiches and latte at three bucks a cup . 
 as always , it was packed at noon , and the long lines attracted even more folks . 
 it was a working lunch . 
 candi and merry were the other two members of a committee to oversee an auction for the art museum . 
 around most of the other tables , similar fund-raisers were being plotted with great effort . 
 nora 's cell phone rang . 
 she apologized because she had forgotten to turn it off , but merry insisted she take the call anyway . 
 cell phones were buzzing all over the deli . 
 it was aubie again , and at first she was puzzled as to how he had obtained her number . 
 but then , she routinely gave it away . 
 `` it 's aubie from the pumpkin seed , she explained to candi and merry , thereby linking them to the conversation . 
 they nodded with disinterest . 
 presumably , everybody knew aubie from the pumpkin seed . 
 he had the highest prices in the world so if you shopped there you could one-up anyone when it came to stationery . 
 `` we forgot to discuss your party invitations , '' aubie said , and nora 's heart froze . 
 she , too , had forgotten the invitations , and she certainly did n't want to discuss them in front of merry and candi . 
 `` oh yes , '' she said . 
 merry had struck up a conversation with a volunteer at the next table . 
 candi was scanning the deli to see who was n't there . 
 `` we wo n't be needing them , either , '' nora said . 
 `` no party ? '' 
 aubie asked , his words laden with curiosity . 
 `` yes , no party this year . '' 
 `` well , i - '' `` thanks for calling , aubie , '' she said softly and quickly and snapped the phone shut . 
 `` wo n't be needing what ? '' 
 merry asked , suddenly breaking off her other conversation and honing in on nora . 
 `` no party this year ? '' 
 candi asked , her eyes locking on to nora 's like radar . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 grit your teeth , nora urged herself . 
 think of beaches , warm salt water , ten days in paradise . 
 `` oh that , '' she said . 
 `` we 're taking a cruise this year instead of doing christmas . 
 blair 's gone , you know , we need a break . '' 
 the deli was suddenly quiet , or at least it seemed so to nora . 
 candi and merry frowned as they replayed this news . 
 nora , with luther 's words ringing in her ears , pushed the offensive . 
 `` ten days on the island princess , a luxury liner . 
 bahamas , jamaica , grand cayman . 
 i 've already lost two pounds , '' she said with a cheerful smugness . 
 `` you 're not doing christmas ? '' 
 merry said in disbelief . 
 `` that 's what i said , '' nora responded . 
 merry was quick with a judgment , and years ago nora had learned to bite back . 
 she stiffened , ready for a sharp word . 
 `` how do you simply not do christmas ? '' 
 merry asked . 
 `` you skip it , '' nora replied , as if that would explain everything . 
 `` sounds wonderful , '' candi said . 
 `` then what do we do christmas eve ? '' 
 merry asked . 
 `` you 'll think of something , '' nora replied . 
 `` there are other parties . '' 
 `` but none like yours . '' 
 `` you 're sweet . '' 
 `` when do you leave ? '' 
 candi asked , dreaming now of beaches and no in-laws piled in for a week . 
 `` christmas day . 
 around noon . '' 
 it was an odd time to leave , she had thought after luther had booked the cruise . 
 if we 're not celebrating christmas , dear , she 'd said , why not leave a few days earlier ? 
 avoid christmas eve while we 're at it . 
 eliminate the whole crazy mess . 
 `` what if blair calls christmas eve ? '' 
 he 'd replied . 
 and besides , biff got $ 399 knocked off the package because few people travel on the twenty-fifth . 
 anyway , it was booked and paid for and nothing was going to change . 
 `` then why not have the party on christmas eve anyway ? '' 
 merry asked , getting pushy , fearful that she might feel obligated to host a replacement . 
 `` because we do n't want to , merry . 
 we 're taking a break , okay . 
 a year off . 
 no christmas whatsoever . 
 nothing . 
 no tree , no turkey , no gifts . 
 we 're taking the money and splurging on a cruise . 
 get it ? '' 
 `` i get it , candi said . 
 `` i wish norman would do something like that . 
 he would n't dream of it , though , afraid he 'd miss twenty or so bowl games . 
 i 'm so envious , nora . '' 
 and with that merry took a bite of her avocado sandwich . 
 she chewed and began glancing around the deli . 
 nora knew exactly what she was thinking . 
 who can i tell first ? 
 the kranks are slapping christmas ! 
 no party ! 
 no tree ! 
 nothing but money in their pockets so they can blow it on a cruise . 
 nora ate too , knowing that as soon as she stepped through the door over there the gossip would roar through the deli and before dinner everyone in her world would know the news . 
 so what ? 
 she told herself . 
 it was inevitable , and why was it such a big deal ? 
 half would be in candi 's camp , burning with envy and dreaming along with nora . 
 half would be with merry , seemingly appalled at the notion of simply eliminating christmas , but even within this group of critics nora suspected many would secretly covet their cruise . 
 and in three months who 'd care anyway ? 
 after a few bites they shoved their sandwiches aside and brought out the paperwork . 
 not another word was mentioned about christmas , not in nora 's presence anyway . 
 driving away , she phoned luther with the news of their latest victory . 
 luther was up and down . 
 his secretary , a fifty-year-old triple divorcee named dox , had quipped that she 'd have to buy her own cheap perfume , she supposed , since santa was n't coining this year . 
 he 'd been called scrooge twice , and each time the name had been followed by a fit of laughter . 
 how original , luther thought . 
 late in the morning , yank slader darted into luther 's office as if angry clients were chasing him . 
 peeking out first , he closed the door , then assumed a seat . 
 `` you 're a genius , old boy , '' he said almost in a whisper . 
 yank was an amortization specialist , afraid of his shadow , loved eighteen-hour days because his wife was a brawler . 
 `` of course i am , '' said luther . 
 `` went home last night , late , got the wife to bed then did the same thing you did . 
 crunched the numbers , went through the bank statements , the works , came up with almost seven grand . 
 what was your damage ? '' 
 `` just over six thousand . '' 
 `` unbelievable , and not a rotten thing to show for it . 
 makes me sick . '' 
 `` take a cruise , '' luther said , knowing full well that yank 's wife would never agree to such foolishness . 
 for her , the holidays began in late october and steadily gathered momentum until the big bang , a ten-hour marathon on christmas day with four meals and a packed house . 
 `` take a cruise , yank mumbled . 
 `` ca n't think of anything worse . 
 socked away on a boat with abigail for ten days . 
 i 'd pitch her overboard . '' 
 and no one would blame you , luther thought . 
 `` seven thousand bucks , '' yank repeated to himself . 
 `` ridiculous , is n't it ? '' 
 luther said , and for a moment both accountants silently lamented the waste of hard-earned money . 
 `` your first cruise ? '' 
 yank asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` never done one myself . 
 wonder if they have single folks on board ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure they do . 
 there 's no requirement you have to take a partner . 
 thinking of going solo , yank ? '' 
 `` not thinking , luther , dreaming . '' 
 he drifted off , his hollow eyes showing a hint of hope , of fun , of something luther had never seen `` before in yank . 
 he left the room there for a moment , his thoughts running wildly across the caribbean , so wonderfully alone without abigail . 
 luther was quiet while his colleague dreamed , but the dreams soon became slightly embarrassing . 
 fortunately , the phone rang and yank was jolted back to a harsh world of amortization tables and a quarrelsome wife . 
 he got to his feet and seemed to be leaving without a word . 
 at the door , though , '' he said , `` you 're my hero , luther . '' 
 vic frohmeyer had heard the rumor from mr. scan-ion , the scoutmaster , and from his wife 's niece , who roomed with a girl who worked part time for aubie at the pumpkin seed , and from a colleague at the university , whose brother got his taxes done by someone at wiley beck . 
 three different sources , and the rumor had to be true . 
 krank could do whatever he damned well pleased , but vic and the rest of hemlock would n't take it lying down . 
 frohmeyer was the unelected ward boss of hemlock . 
 his cushy job at the university gave him time to meddle , and his boundless energy kept him on the street organizing all sorts of activities . 
 with six kids , his house was the undisputed hangout . 
 the doors were always open , a game always in progress . 
 as a result , his lawn bad a worn look to it , though he worked hard in his flower beds . 
 it was frohmeyer who brought the candidates to hemlock for barbecues in his backyard , and for their campaign pledges . 
 it was frohmeyer who circulated the petitions , knocking door to door , gathering momentum against annexation or in favor of school bonds or against a new four-lane miles away or in favor of a new sewer system . 
 it was frohmeyer who called sanitation when a neighbor 's garbage was not picked up , and because it was frohmeyer the matter got quickly resolved . 
 a stray dog , one from another street , a call from vic frohmeyer , and animal control was on the spot . 
 a stray kid , one with hair and tattoos and the leery look of a delinquent , and frohmeyer would have the police poking him in the chest and asking questions . 
 a hospital stay on hemlock , and the frohmeyers arranged visitation and food and even lawn care . 
 a death on hemlock , and they organized flowers for the funeral and visits to the cemetery . 
 a neighbor in need could call the frohmeyers for anything . 
 the frostys had been vic 's idea , though he 'd seen it in a suburb of evanston and thus could n't take full credit . 
 the same frosty on every hemlock roof , an eight-foot frosty with a goofy smile around a corncob pipe and a black top hat and thick rolls around the middle , all made to glow a brilliant white by a two-hundred-watt bulb screwed into a cavity somewhere near frosty 's colon . 
 the hemlock frostys had made their debut six years earlier and were a smashing success-twenty-one houses on one side , twenty-one on the other , the street lined with two perfect rows of frostys , forty feet up . 
 a color photo with a cute story ran on the front page . 
 two television news crews had done live ! 
 reports . 
 the next year , stanton street to the south and ackerman street to the north had jumped in with rudolphs and silver bells , respectively , and a committee from parks and rec , at frohmeyer 's quiet urging , began giving neighborhood awards for christmas decorations . 
 two years earlier disaster struck when a windstorm sent most of the frostys airborne into the next precinct . 
 frohmeyer rallied the neighbors though , and last year a new , slightly shorter version of frosty decorated hemlock . 
 only two houses had not participated . 
 each year , frohmeyer decided the date on which to resurrect the frostys , and after hearing the rumors about krank and his cruise he decided to do it immediately . 
 after dinner , he typed a short memo to his neighbors , something he did at least twice a month , ran forty-one copies , and dispatched his six children to hand-deliver them to every house on hemlock . 
 it read : `` neighbor-weather tomorrow should be clear , an excellent time to bring frosty back to life-call marty or judd or myself if you need assistance-vic frohmeyer . '' 
 luther took the memo from a smiling kid . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 nora called from the kitchen . 
 `` frohmeyer . '' 
 `` what 's it about '' `` frosty . '' 
 she walked slowly into the living room , where luther was holding the half-sheet of paper as if it were a summons to jury duty . 
 they gave each other a fearful look , and very slowly luther began shaking his head `` you have to do it , '' she said . 
 `` no , i do not , '' he said , very firmly , his temper rising with each word . 
 `` i certainly do not . 
 i will not be told by vic frohmeyer that i have to decorate my house for christmas , '' `` it 's just frosty . '' 
 `` no , it is much more '' `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's the principle of it , nora . 
 do n't you understand ? 
 we can forget about christmas if we damned well choose , and - '' `` do n't swear , luther . '' ' 
 `` and no one , not even vic frohmeyer , can stop us . '' 
 louder . 
 `` i will not be forced into doing this ! '' 
 he was pointing to the ceiling with one hand and waving the memo with the other . 
 nora retreated to the kitchen . 
 hemlock frosty came in four sections-a wide round base , a slightly smaller snowball that wedged into the base , then a trunk , then the head with the face and hat . 
 each section could be stuffed into the next larger one , so that storage for the other eleven months of the year was not too demanding . 
 at a cost of $ 82.99 , plus shipping , everyone packed away their frostys with care . 
 and they unpacked them with great delight . 
 throughout the afternoon sections of frostys could be seen inside most garages along hemlock as the snowmen were dusted off and checked for parts . 
 then they were put together , built just like a real snowman , section on top of section , until they were seven feet tall and ready for the roof . 
 installation was not a simple matter . 
 a ladder and a rope were required , along with the help of a neighbor . 
 first , the roof had to be scaled with a rope around the waist , then frosty , who was made of hard plastic and weighed about forty pounds , was hoisted up , very carefully so as not to scratch him over the asphalt shingles . 
 when frosty reached the summit , he was strapped to the chimney with a canvas band that vic frohmeyer had invented himself . 
 a two-hundred-watt lamp was screwed into frosty 's innards , and an extension cord was dropped from the backside of the roof . 
 wes trogdon was an insurance broker who 'd called in sick so he could surprise his kids by having their frosty up first . 
 he and his wife , trish , washed their snowman just after lunch , then , under her close supervision , wes climbed and grappled and adjusted until the task was complete . 
 forty feet high , with a splendid view , he looked up and down hemlock and was quite smug that he had got the jump on everyone , including frohmeyer . 
 while trish made hot cocoa , wes began hauling boxes of lights up from the basement to the driveway , where he laid them out and checked circuits . 
 no one on hemlock strung more christmas lights than the trogdons . 
 they lined their yard , wrapped their shrubs , draped their trees , outlined their house , adorned their windows-fourteen thousand lights the year before . 
 frohmeyer left work early so he could supervise matters on hemlock , and he was quite pleased to see activity . 
 he was momentarily jealous that trogdon had beaten him to the punch , but what did it really matter ? 
 before long they joined forces in the driveway of mrs. ellen mulholland , a lovely widow who was already baking brownies . 
 her frosty was up in a flash , her brownies devoured , and they were off to render more assistance . 
 kids joined them , including spike frohmeyer , a twelve-year-old with his father 's flair for organization and community activism , and they went door to door in the late afternoon , hurrying before darkness slowed them . 
 at the kranks ' , spike rang the doorbell but got no response . 
 mr. krank 's lexus was not there , which was certainly not unusual at 5 p.m. . 
 but mrs. krank 's audi was in the garage , a sure sign that she was home . 
 the curtains and shades were pulled . 
 no answer at the door though , and the gang moved to the seekers ' , where ned was in the front yard washing his frosty with his mother-in-law barking instructions from the steps . 
 `` they 're leaving now , '' nora whispered into the phone in their bedroom . 
 `` why are you whispering ? '' 
 luther asked with agitation . 
 `` because i do n't want them to hear me . '' 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 `` vic frohmeyer , wes trogdon , looks like that brixley fellow from the other end of the street , some kids . '' 
 `` a regular bunch of thugs , huh ? '' 
 `` more like a street gang . 
 they 're at the beckers ' now . '' 
 `` god help them . '' 
 `` where 's frosty ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` same place he 's been since january . 
 why ? '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know . '' 
 `` this is comical , nora . 
 you 're whispering into the phone , in a locked house , because our neighbors are going door to door helping our other neighbors put up a ridiculous seven-foot plastic snowman , which , by the way , has absolutely nothing to do with christmas . 
 ever think about that , nora ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` we voted for rudolph , remember ? '' 
 `` it 's comical . '' 
 `` i 'm not laughing . '' 
 `` frosty 's taking a year off , okay ? 
 the answer is no . '' 
 luther hung , up gently and tried to concentrate on his work . 
 after dark , he drove home , slowly , all the way telling himself that it was silly to be worried about such trivial matters as putting a snowman on the roof . 
 and all the way he kept thinking of walt scheel . 
 `` come on , scheel , '' he mumbled to himself . 
 `` do n't let me down . '' 
 walt scheel was his rival on hemlock , a grumpy sort who lived directly across the street . 
 two kids out of college , a wife battling breast cancer , a mysterious job with a belgian conglom , an income that appeared to be in the upper range on hemlock-but regardless of what he earned scheel and the missus expected their neighbors to think they had a lot more . 
 luther bought a lexus , scheel had to have one . 
 bellington put in a pool , scheel suddenly needed to swim in his own backyard , doctor 's orders . 
 sue kropp on the west end outfitted her kitchen with designer appliances - $ 8,000 was the rumor-and bev scheel spent $ 9,000 six months later . 
 a hopeless cook , bev 's cuisine tasted worse after the renovation , according to witnesses . 
 their haughtiness had been stopped cold , however , with the breast cancer eighteen months earlier . 
 the scheels had been humbled mightily . 
 keeping ahead of the neighbors did n't matter anymore . 
 things were useless . 
 they had endured the disease with a quiet dignity , and , as usual , hemlock had supported them like family . 
 a year after the first chemo , the belgian conglom had reshuffled itself . 
 whatever walt 's job had been , it was now something less . 
 the christmas before the scheels had been too distracted to decorate . 
 no frosty for them , not much of a tree , just a few lights strung around the front window , almost an afterthought . 
 a year earlier , two houses on hemlock had gone without frostys-the scheels ' and one on the west end owned by a pakistani couple who 'd lived there three months then moved away . 
 it had been for sale , and frohmeyer had actually considered ordering another frosty and conducting a nighttime raid on the premises to erect it . 
 `` come on , scheel , '' luther mumbled in traffic . 
 `` keep your frosty in the basement . '' 
 the frosty idea had been cute six years earlier when first hatched by frohmeyer . 
 now it was tedious . 
 but , luther confessed , certainly not tedious to the kids on hemlock . 
 he had been secretly delighted two years before when the storm gusts cleared the roofs and sent frostys flying over half the city . 
 he turned onto hemlock , and as far as he could see the street was lined with identical snowmen sitting like glowing sentries above the houses . 
 just two gaps in their ranks-the scheels and the kranks . 
 `` thank you , scheel , '' luther whispered . 
 kids were riding bikes . 
 neighbors were outside , stringing lights , chatting across hedgerows . 
 a street gang was meeting in scheel 's garage , luther noticed as he parked and walked hurriedly into his house . 
 sure enough , within minutes a ladder went up and frohmeyer scurried up like a veteran roofer . 
 luther peeked through the blinds on his front door . 
 there was walt scheel standing in the front yard with a dozen people , bev , bundled up in a warm coat , on the front steps . 
 spike frohmeyer was wrestling with an extension cord . 
 there were shouts and laughter , everyone seemed to be hurling instructions to frohmeyer as the next to the last frosty on hemlock was heaved up . 
 little was said over a dinner of sauceless pasta and cottage cheese . 
 nora was down three pounds , luther four . 
 after the dishes , he went to the treadmill in the basement where he walked for fifty minutes , burning 340 calories , more than he had just consumed . 
 he took a shower and tried to read . 
 when the street was clear , he went for a walk . 
 he would not be a prisoner in his home . 
 he would not hide from his neighbors . 
 he had nothing , to fear from these people . 
 there was a twinge of guilt as he admired the two neat lines of snowmen guarding their quiet street . 
 the trogdons were piling more ornaments on their tree , and it brought back a few distant memories of blair 's childhood and those faraway times . 
 he was not the nostalgic type . 
 you live life today , not tomorrow , certainly not yesterday , he always said . 
 the warm memories were quickly erased with thoughts of shopping and traffic and burning money . 
 luther was quite proud of his decision to take a year off . 
 his belt was a bit looser . 
 the beaches were waiting . 
 a bike rushed in from nowhere and slid to a stop . 
 `` hi , mr. krank . '' 
 it was spike frohmeyer , no doubt heading home after some clandestine juvenile meeting . 
 the kid slept less than his father , and the neighborhood was full of stories about spike 's nocturnal ramblings . 
 he was a nice boy , but usually unmedicated . 
 `` hello , spike , '' luther said , catching his breath . 
 `` what brings you out ? '' 
 `` just checking on things , '' he said , as if he were the official night watchman . 
 `` what kind of things , spike ? '' 
 `` my dad sent me over to stanton street to see how many rudolphs are up . '' 
 `` how many ? '' 
 luther asked , playing along . 
 `` none . 
 we smoked 'em again . '' 
 what a victorious night the frohmeyers would have , luther thought . 
 silly . 
 `` you putting yours up , mr. krank ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm not , spike . 
 we 're leaving town this year , no christmas for us . '' 
 `` i did n't know you could do that . '' 
 `` this is a free country , spike , you can do almost anything you want . '' 
 `` you 're not leaving till christmas day , '' spike said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` noon 's what i heard . 
 you got plenty of time to get frosty up . 
 that way we can win the award again . '' 
 luther paused for a second and once more marveled at the speed with which one person 's private business could be so thoroughly kicked around the neighborhood . 
 `` winning is overrated , spike , '' he said wisely . 
 `` let another street have the award this year . '' 
 `` i guess so . '' 
 `` now run along . '' 
 he rolled away and said , `` see you later , '' over his shoulder . 
 the kid 's father was lying in ambush when luther came strolling by , `` evening , luther , '' vic said , as if the encounter was purely by chance . 
 he leaned on his mailbox at the end of his drive . 
 `` evening , vic , '' luther said , almost stopping . 
 but at the last second he decided to keep walking . 
 he stepped around frohmeyer , who tagged along . 
 `` how 's blair ? '' 
 `` fine , vic , thanks . 
 how are your kids ? '' 
 `` in great spirits . 
 it 's the best time of the year , luther . 
 do n't you think so ? '' 
 frohmeyer had picked up the pace and the two were now side by side . 
 `` absolutely . 
 i could n't be happier . 
 do miss blair , though . 
 it wo n't be the same without her . '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 they stopped in front of the beckers ' , next door to luther 's , and watched as poor ned teetered on the top step of the ladder in a vain effort to mount an oversized star on the highest branch of the tree . 
 his wife stood behind him , helping mightily with her instructions but not once holding the ladder , and his mother-in-law was a few steps back for the wide view . 
 a fistfight seemed imminent . 
 `` some things about christmas i 'm not going to miss , '' luther said . 
 `` so you 're really skipping out ? '' 
 `` you got it , vic . 
 i 'd appreciate your cooperation . '' 
 `` just does n't seem right for some reason . '' 
 `` that 's not for you to decide , is it ? '' 
 `` no , it 's not . '' 
 nora 's late-morning round-table at the shelter for battered women ended badly when claudia , a casual friend at best , blurted out randomly , `` so , nora , no christmas eve bash this year ? '' 
 of the eight women present , including nora , exactly five had been invited to her christmas parties in the past . 
 three had not , and at the moment those three looked for a hole to crawl into , as did nora . 
 you crude little snot , thought nora , but she managed to say quickly , `` afraid not . 
 we 're taking a year off . '' 
 to which she wanted to add , `` and if we ever have another party , claudia dear , do n't hold your breath waiting for an invitation . '' 
 `` i heard you 're taking a cruise , '' said jayne , one of the three excluded , trying to reroute the conversation . 
 `` we are , leaving christmas day in fact . '' 
 `` so you 're just eliminating christmas altogether ? '' 
 asked beth , another casual acquaintance who got invited each year only because her husband 's firm did business with wiley beck . 
 `` everything , '' nora said aggressively as her stomach tightened . 
 `` that 's a good way to save money , '' said lila , the biggest bitch of the bunch . 
 her emphasis on the word `` money '' implied that perhaps things were a bit tight around the krank household . 
 nora 's cheeks began to burn . 
 lila 's husband was a pediatrician . 
 luther knew for a fact that they were heavily in debt-big house , big cars , country clubs . 
 earned a lot , spent even more . 
 thinking of luther , where was he in these awful moments ? 
 why was she taking the brunt of his harebrained scheme ? 
 why was she on the front lines while he sat smugly in his quiet office dealing with people who either worked for him or were afraid of him ? 
 it was a good-old-boy club , wiley beck , a bunch of stuffy tight-fisted accountants who were probably toasting luther for his bravery in avoiding christmas and saving a few bucks . 
 if his defiance could become a trend anywhere , it was certainly in the accounting profession . 
 here she was getting scorched again while luther was safely at work , probably playing the hero . 
 women handled christmas , not men . 
 they shopped and decorated and cooked , planned parties and sent cards and fretted over things the men never thought about . 
 why , exactly , was luther so keen on dodging christmas when he put so little effort into it ? 
 nora fumed but held her fire . 
 no sense starting an all-girl rumble at the center for battered women . 
 someone mentioned adjournment and nora was the first out of the room . 
 she fumed even more as she drove home-unpleasant thoughts about lila and her comment about money . 
 even uglier thoughts about her husband and his selfishness . 
 she was sorely tempted to cave right then , go on a spree and have the house decorated by the time he got home . 
 she could have a tree up in two hours . 
 it was n't too late to plan her party . 
 frohmeyer would be happy to take care of their frosty . 
 cut back on the gifts and a few other things , and they would still save enough to pay for the cruise . 
 she turned onto hemlock and of course the first thing she noticed was the fact that only one house had no snow-man on the roof . 
 leave it to luther . 
 their pretty two-story brick home standing alone , as if the kranks were hindus or buddhists , some strain that did n't believe in christmas . 
 she stood in her living room and looked out the front window , directly through the spot where their beautiful tree always stood , and for the first time nora was struck with how cold and undecorated her house was . 
 she bit her lip and went for the phone , but luther had stepped out for a sandwich . 
 in the stack of mail she 'd retrieved from the box , between two envelopes containing holiday cards , she saw something that stopped her cold . 
 airmail , from peru . 
 spanish words stamped on the front . 
 nora sat down and tore it open . 
 it was two pages of blair 's lovely handwriting , and the words were precious . 
 she was having a great time in the wilds of peru . 
 could n't be better , living with an indian tribe that had been around for several thousand years . 
 they were very poor , according to our standards , but healthy and happy . 
 the children were at first very distant , but they had come around , wanting to learn . 
 blair rambled on a bit about the children . 
 she was living in a grass hut with stacy , her new friend from utah . 
 two other peace corps volunteers lived nearby . 
 the corps had started the small school four years earlier . 
 anyway , she was healthy and well fed , no dreaded diseases or deadly animals had been spotted , and the work was challenging . 
 the last paragraph was the jolt of fortitude that nora so desperately needed . 
 it read : i know it will be difficult not having me there for christmas , but please do n't be sad . 
 my children know nothing of christmas . 
 they have so little , and want so little , it makes me feel guilty for the mindless materialism of our culture , there are no calendars here , and no clocks , so i doubt if i 'll even know when it comes and goes . 
 -lrb- besides , we can catch up next year , ca n't we ? -rrb- 
 such a smart girl . 
 nora read it again and was suddenly filled with pride , not only for raising such a wise and mature daughter but also for her own decision to forgo , at least for a year , the mindless materialism of our culture . 
 she called luther again and read him the letter . 
 monday night at the mall ! 
 not luther 's favorite place , but he sensed nora needed a night out . 
 they had dinner in a fake pub on one end , then fought through the masses to get to the other , where a star-filled romantic comedy was opening at the multiplex . 
 eight bucks a ticket , for what luther knew would be another dull two hours of overpaid clowns giggling their way through a subliterate plot . 
 but anyway , nora loved the movies and he tagged along to keep peace . 
 despite the crowds , the cinema was deserted , and this thrilled luther when he realized that everybody else was out there shopping . 
 he settled low in his seat with his popcorn , and went to sleep . 
 he awoke with an elbow in his ribs . 
 `` you 're snoring , '' nora hissed at him . 
 `` who cares ? 
 the place is empty . '' 
 `` hush up , luther . '' 
 he watched the movie , but after five minutes had had enough , `` i 'll be back , '' he whispered , and left . 
 he 'd rather fight through the mob and get stepped on than watch such foolishness . 
 he rode the escalator to the upper level , where he leaned on the rail and watched the chaos below . 
 a santa was holding court on his throne and the line was moving very slowly . 
 over at the ice rink the music blared from scratchy speakers while kids in elf costumes skated around some stuffed creature that appeared to be a reindeer . 
 every parent watched through the lens of a videocamera . 
 weary shoppers trudged along , lugging shopping bags , bumping into others , fighting with their children . 
 luther had never felt prouder . 
 across the way , he saw a new sporting goods store . 
 he strolled over , noticing through the window that there was a crowd inside and certainly not enough cashiers . 
 he was just browsing , though . 
 he found the snorkel gear in the back , a rather slim selection , but it was december . 
 the swimsuits were of the speedo variety , breathtakingly narrow all the way around and designed solely for olympic swimmers under the age of twenty . 
 more of a pouch than a garment . 
 he was afraid to touch them . 
 he 'd get himself a catalog and shop from the safety of his home . 
 as he left the store an argument was raging at a checkout , something about a layaway that got lost . 
 what fools . 
 he bought himself a fat-free yogurt and killed time strolling along the upper concourse , smiling smugly at the harried souls burning their way through their paychecks . 
 he stopped and gawked at a life-sized poster of a gorgeous young thing in a string bikini , her skin perfectly tanned . 
 she was inviting him to step inside a small salon called tans forever . 
 luther glanced around as if it were an adult bookstore , then ducked inside where daisy was waiting behind a magazine . 
 her brown face forced a smile and seemed to crack along the forehead and around the eyes . 
 her teeth had been whitened , her hair lightened , her skin darkened , and for a second luther wondered what she looked like before the project . 
 not surprisingly , daisy said it was the best time of the year to purchase a package . 
 their christmas special was twelve sessions for $ 60 . 
 only one session every other day , fifteen minutes at first , but working up to a max of twenty-five . 
 when the package was over , luther would be superbly tanned and certainly prepared for anything the caribbean sun could throw at him . 
 he followed her a few steps to a row of booths-flimsy little rooms with a tanning bed each and not much else . 
 they were now featuring state-of-the-art fx-2000 bronzemats , straight from sweden , as if the swedes knew everything about sunbathing . 
 at first glance , the bronzemat horrified luther . 
 daisy explained that you simply undressed , yes , everything , she purred , slid into the unit , and pulled the top down in a manner that reminded luther of a waffle iron . 
 cook for fifteen or twenty minutes , a timer goes off , get up , get dressed . 
 nothing to it . 
 `` how much do you sweat ? '' 
 luther asked , struggling with the image of himself lying completely exposed while eighty lamps baked all parts of his body . 
 she explained that things got warm . 
 once done , you simply wiped off your bronzemat with a spray and paper towels , and things were suitable for the next guy . 
 skin cancer ? 
 he inquired . 
 she offered a phony laugh . 
 no way . 
 perhaps with the older units before they perfected the technology to virtually eliminate ultraviolet rays and such . 
 the new bronzemats were actually safer than the sun itself . 
 she 'd been tanning for eleven years . 
 and your skin looks like burnt cowhide , luther mused to himself . 
 the officer 's name was salino , and he came around every year . 
 he was portly , wore no gun or vest , no mace or nightstick , no flashlight or silver bullets , no handcuffs or radio , none of the mandatory gadgetry that his brethren loved to affix to their belts and bodies . 
 salino looked bad in his uniform , but he 'd been looking bad for so long that no one cared . 
 he patrolled the southeast , the neighborhoods around hemlock , the affluent suburbs where the only crime was an occasional stolen bike or a speeding car . 
 salino 's partner for the evening was a beefy , lockjawed young lad with a roll of muscle bulging from the collar of his navy shirt . 
 treen was his name , and treen wore every device and doohickey that salino did not . 
 when luther saw them through the blinds on his front door , standing there pressing his doorbell , he instantly thought of frohmeyer . 
 frohmeyer could summon the police to hemlock faster than the chief himself . 
 he opened the door , made the obligatory hellos and good evenings , then asked them to step inside . 
 he did n't want them inside , but he knew they would not leave until they completed the ritual . 
 treen was grasping a plain white tube that held the calendar . 
 nora , who just seconds ago had been watching television with her husband , had suddenly vanished , though luther knew she was just beyond the french doors , hiding in the kitchen , missing not a word . 
 salino did all the talking . 
 luther figured this was because his hulking partner probably possessed a limited vocabulary . 
 the police benevolent association was once again working at full throttle to do all sorts of wonderful things for the community . 
 toys for tots . 
 christmas baskets for the less fortunate . 
 visits by santa . 
 ice skating adventures . 
 trips to the zoo . 
 and they were delivering gifts to the old folks in the nursing homes and to the veterans tucked away in wards . 
 salino had perfected his presentation . 
 luther had heard it before . 
 to help defray the costs of their worthy projects this year , the police benevolent association had once again put together a handsome calendar for next year , one that again featured some of its members in action shots as they served the people . 
 treen on cue whipped out luther 's calendar , unrolled it , and flipped the rather large sheets as salino did the play by play . 
 for january it was a traffic cop with a warm smile waving little kindergartners across the street . 
 for february , it was a cop even beefier than treen helping a stranded motorist change a tire . 
 somehow in the midst of the effort the policeman had managed a smile . 
 for march it was a rather tense scene at a nighttime accident with lights flashing all around and three men in blue conferring with frowns . 
 luther admired the photos and artwork without a word as the months marched along . 
 what about the leopard print briefs ? 
 he wanted to ask . 
 or the steam room ? 
 or the lifeguard with just a towel around his waist ? 
 three years earlier , the pba had succumbed to trendier tastes and published a calendar filled with photos of its leaner and younger members , all clad in virtually nothing , half grinning goofily at the camera , the other half straining with the tortured i-hate-modeling veneer of contemporary fashion . 
 practically r-rated , a big story about it made the front page . 
 quite a brouhaha erupted overnight . 
 the mayor was incensed as complaints flooded city hall . 
 the director of the pba got fired . 
 the undistributed calendars were pulled and burned while the local tv station recorded it live ! 
 nora kept theirs in the basement , where she secretly enjoyed it all year . 
 the beefcake calendar was a financial disaster for all concerned , but it created more interest the following christmas . 
 sales almost doubled . 
 luther bought one every year , but only because it was expected . 
 oddly , there was no price attached to the calendars , at least not to the ones delivered personally by the likes of salino and treen . 
 their personal touch cost something more , an additional layer of goodwill that people like luther were expected to fork over simply because that was the way it was done . 
 it was this coerced , above-the-table bribery that luther hated . 
 last year he 'd written a check for a hundred bucks to the pba , but not this year . 
 when the presentation was over , luther stood tall and said , `` i do n't need one . '' 
 salino cocked his head to one side as if he 'd misunderstood . 
 treen 's neck puffed out another inch . 
 salino 's face turned into a smirk . 
 you may not need one , the smirk said , but you 'll buy it anyway . 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i already have calendars for next year . '' 
 that was news to nora , who was biting a fingernail and holding her breath . 
 `` but not like this , '' treen managed to grunt . 
 salino shot him a look that said , `` be quiet ! '' 
 `` i have two calendars in my office and two on my desk , '' luther said . 
 `` we have one by the phone in the kitchen . 
 my watch tells me precisely what day it is , as does my computer . 
 have n't missed a day in years . '' 
 `` we 're raising money for crippled children , mr. krank , '' salino said , his voice suddenly soft and scratchy . 
 nora felt a tear coming . 
 `` we give to crippled children , officer , '' luther shot back . 
 `` through the united way and our church and our taxes we give to every needy group you can possibly name . '' 
 `` you 're not proud of your policemen ? '' 
 treen said roughly , no doubt repeating a line he 'd heard salino use on others . 
 luther caught himself for a second and allowed his anger to settle in . 
 as if buying a calendar was the only measure of his pride in the local police force . 
 as if forking over a bribe in the middle of his living room was proof that he , luther krank , stood solidly behind the boys in blue . 
 `` i paid thirteen hundred bucks in city taxes last year , '' luther said , his eyes flashing hot and settling on young treen . 
 `` a portion of which went to pay your salary . 
 another portion went to pay the firemen , the ambulance drivers , the schoolteachers , the sanitation workers , the street cleaners , the mayor and his rather comprehensive staff , the judges , the bailiffs , the jailers , all those clerks down at city hall , all those folks down at mercy hospital . 
 they do a great job . 
 you , sir , do a great job . 
 i 'm proud of all our city employees . 
 but what 's a calendar got to do with anything ? '' 
 of course treen had never had it put to him in such a logical manner , and he had no response . 
 salino either , for that matter . 
 a tense pause followed . 
 since treen could think of no intelligent retort , he grew hot too and decided he would get krank 's license plate number and lie in ambush somewhere , maybe catch him speeding or sneaking through a stop sign . 
 pull him over , wait for a sarcastic comment , yank him out , sprawl him across the hood while cars eased by , slap the handcuffs on him , haul him to jail . 
 such pleasant thoughts made treen smile . 
 salino , however , was not smiling . 
 he 'd heard the rumors about luther krank and his goofy plans for christmas . 
 frohmeyer 'd told him . 
 he 'd driven by the night before and seen the handsome undecorated house with no frosty , just sitting alone , peacefully yet oddly so different . 
 `` i 'm sorry you feel that way , salino said , sadly . 
 `` we 're just trying to raise a little extra to help needy kids . '' 
 nora wanted to burst through the door and say , `` here 's a check ! 
 give me the calendar ! 
 but she did n't , because the aftermath would not be pleasant . 
 luther nodded with jaws clenched , eyes unflinching , and treen began a rather dramatic rerolling of the calendar that would now be hawked to someone else . 
 under the weight of his large paws it popped and crinkled as it became smaller and smaller . 
 finally , it was as narrow as a broomstick and treen slid it back into its tube and stuck a cap on the end . 
 ceremony over , it was time for them to leave . 
 `` merry christmas , salino said . 
 `` do the police still sponsor that softball team for orphans ? '' 
 luther asked . 
 `` we certainly do , '' treen replied . 
 `` then come back in the spring and i 'll give you a hundred bucks for uniforms . '' 
 this did nothing to appease the officers . 
 they could n't bring themselves to say , `` thanks . '' 
 instead , they nodded and looked at each other . 
 things were stiff as luther got them out the door , nothing said , just the irritating sound of treen tapping the tube against his leg , like a bored cop with a nightstick looking for a head to bash . 
 `` it was only a hundred dollars , '' nora said sharply as she reentered the room . 
 luther was peeking around the curtains , making sure they were indeed leaving . 
 `` no , dear , it was much more , '' he said smugly , as if the situation had been complex and only he had the full grasp of it . 
 `` how about some yogurt ? '' 
 to the starving , the prospect of food erased all other thoughts . 
 each night they rewarded themselves with a small container of bland , fat-free , imitation fruit yogurt , which they savored like a last meal . 
 luther was down seven pounds and nora six . 
 they were touring the neighborhood in a pickup truck , looking for targets . 
 ten of them were in the back , resting on bales of hay , singing as they rolled along . 
 under the quilts hands were being held and thighs groped , but harmless fun , at least for the moment . 
 they were , after all , from the lutheran church . 
 their leader was behind the wheel , and next to her was the minister 's wife , who also played the organ on sunday mornings . 
 the truck turned onto hemlock , and the target quickly became obvious . 
 they slowed as they neared the unadorned home of the kranks . 
 luckily , walt scheel was outside wrestling with an extension cord that lacked about eight feet in connecting the electricity from his garage to his boxwoods , around which he had carefully woven four hundred new green lights . 
 since krank was n't decorating , he , scheel , had decided to do so with extra gusto . 
 `` are those folks home ? '' 
 the driver asked walt as the truck came to a stop . 
 she was nodding at the kranks ' place . 
 `` yes . 
 why ? '' 
 `` oh , we 're out caroling . 
 we got a youth group here from the lutheran church , st. mark 's . '' 
 walt suddenly smiled and dropped the extension cord . 
 how lovely , he thought . 
 krank just thinks he can run from christmas . 
 `` are they jewish ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` buddhist or anything like that ? '' 
 `` no , not at all . 
 methodist actually . 
 they 're trying to avoid christmas this year . '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` you heard me . '' 
 walt was standing next to the driver 's door , all smiles . 
 `` he 's kind of a weird one . 
 skipping christmas so he can save his money for a cruise . '' 
 the driver and the minister 's wife looked long and hard at the krank home across the street . 
 the kids in the back had stopped singing and were listening to every word . 
 wheels were turning . 
 `` i think some christmas carolers would do them good , scheel added helpfully . 
 `` go on . '' 
 the truck emptied as the choir rushed onto the sidewalk . 
 they stopped near the kranks ' mailbox . 
 `` closer , scheel yelled . 
 `` they wo n't mind . '' 
 they lined up near the house , next to luther 's favorite flower bed . 
 scheel ran to his front door and told bev to call frohmeyer . 
 luther was scraping the sides of his yogurt container when a racket commenced very close to him . 
 the carolers struck quick and loud with the opening stanza of `` god rest ye merry gentlemen , '' and the kranks ducked for cover . 
 then they darted from the kitchen , staying low , luther in the lead with nora on his back , into the living room and close to the front window , where , thankfully , the curtains were closed . 
 the choir waved excitedly when luther was spotted peeking out . 
 `` christmas carolers , '' luther hissed , taking a step back , `` right out there next to our junipers . '' 
 `` how lovely , '' nora said very quietly . 
 `` lovely ? 
 they 're trespassing on our property . 
 it 's a setup . '' 
 `` they 're not trespassing . '' 
 `` of course they are . 
 they 're on our property without being invited . 
 someone told them to come , probably frohmeyer or scheel . '' 
 `` christmas carolers are not trespassers , '' nora insisted , practically whispering . 
 `` i know what i 'm talking about . '' 
 `` then call your friends down at the police department . '' 
 `` i might do that , '' luther mused , peeking out again . 
 `` not too late to buy a calendar . '' 
 the entire frohmeyer clan came running , spike leading the pack on a skateboard , and by the time they fell in behind the carolers the trogdons had heard the noise and were joining the commotion . 
 then the beckers with the mother-in-law in tow and rocky the dropout lagging behind her . 
 `` jingle bells '' was next , a lively and loud rendition , no doubt inspired by the excitement being created . 
 the choir director motioned for the neighbors to join in , which they happily did , and by the time they began `` silent night '' their number had ballooned to at least thirty . 
 the carolers hit most of their notes ; the neighbors could n't have cared less . 
 they sang loudly so that old luther in there would squirm . 
 after twenty minutes , nora 's nerves gave way , and she went to the shower . 
 luther pretended to read a magazine in his easy chair , but each carol was louder than the last . 
 he fumed and cursed under his breath . 
 the last time he peeked out there were people all over his front lawn , everyone smiling and shrieking at his house . 
 luther 's morning routine had n't changed in the eighteen years he 'd lived on hemlock . 
 up at six , slippers and bathrobe , brew the coffee , out the garage door , down the driveway where milton the paperboy had left the gazette an hour earlier . 
 luther could count the steps from the coffeepot to the newspaper , knowing they would n't vary by two or three . 
 back inside , a cup with just a trace of cream , the sports section , then metro , business , and always last , the national and international news . 
 halfway through the obituaries , he would take a cup of coffee , the same lavender cup every day , with two sugars , to his dear wife . 
 on the morning after the caroling party on his front lawn , luther shuffled half-asleep down his drive and was about to pick up the gazette when he saw a bright collection of colors out of the corner of his left eye . 
 there was a sign in the center of his lawn . 
 free frosty the damned thing proclaimed , in bold black letters . 
 it was on white poster board , reds and greens around the borders , with a sketch of frosty chained and shackled somewhere in a basement , no doubt the kranks ' basement . 
 it was either a bad design by an adult with too much time to spare , or a rather good design by a kid with a mom looking over his shoulder . 
 luther suddenly felt eyes watching him , lots of eyes , so he casually stuck the gazette under his arm and strolled back into the house as if he 'd seen nothing . 
 he grumbled as he poured his coffee , cursed mildly as he took his chair . 
 he could n't enjoy sports or metro-even the obituaries could n't hold his attention . 
 then he realized that nora should not see the poster . 
 she 'd worry about it much more than he did . 
 with each new assault on his right to do as he pleased , luther was more determined to ignore christmas . 
 he was concerned about nora , though . 
 he would never break , but he feared she would . 
 if she believed the neighborhood children were now protesting , she just might collapse . 
 he struck quickly-slinking through the garage , cutting around the corner , high-stepping across the lawn because the grass was wet and practically frozen , yanking the poster from the ground , and tossing it into the utility room , where he 'd deal with it later . 
 he took nora her coffee , then settled once again at the kitchen table , where he tried in vain to concentrate on the gazette . 
 he was angry , though , and his feet were frozen . 
 luther drove to work . 
 he had once advocated closing the office from the middle of december until after january 1 . 
 no one works anyway , he 'd argued rather brilliantly at a firm meeting . 
 the secretaries needed to shop so they left for lunch early , returned late , then left an hour later to run errands . 
 simply make everyone take their vacations in december , he had said forcefully . 
 sort of a two-week layoff , with pay of course . 
 billings were down anyway , he had explained with charts and graphs to back him up . 
 their clients certainly were n't in their offices , so no item of business could ever be finalized until the first week of january . 
 wiley beck could save a few bucks by avoiding the christmas dinner and the office party . 
 he had even passed out an article from the wall street journal about a big firm in seattle that had adopted such a policy , with outstanding results , or so said the journal . 
 it had been a splendid presentation by luther . 
 the firm voted eleven to two against him , and he 'd stewed for a month . 
 only yank slader 'd hung in there with him . 
 luther went through the motions of another morning , his mind on last night 's concert by his junipers and the protest sign in his front yard . 
 he enjoyed life on hemlock , got on well with his neighbors , even managing to be cordial to walt scheel , and was uncomfortable now being the target of their displeasure . 
 biff , the travel agent , changed his mood when she waltzed into his office with barely a knock-dox , his secretary , was lost in catalogs-and presented their flight and cruise tickets , along with a handsome itinerary and an updated brochure on the island princess . 
 she was gone in seconds , much too brief a stay to suit luther , who , when he admired her figure and tan , could n't help but dream of the countless string bikinis he would soon encounter . 
 he locked his door and was soon lost in the warm blue waters of the caribbean . 
 for the third time that week luther sneaked away just before lunch and raced to the mall . 
 he parked as far away as possible because he needed the hike , down eight pounds now and feeling very fit , and entered through sears with a mob of other noontime shoppers . 
 except luther was there for a nap . 
 behind thick sunshades , he ducked into tans forever on the upper concourse . 
 daisy with the copper skin had been relieved by daniella , a pale redhead whose constant tanning had only made her freckles expand and spread . 
 she punched his card , assigned him to salon 2 , and , with all the wisdom of a highly skilled dermatologist , said , `` i think twenty-two minutes should do it today , luther . '' 
 she was at least thirty years his junior , but had no problem addressing him simply as luther . 
 a kid working a temporary job for minimum wage , it never crossed her mind that perhaps she should call him mr. krank . 
 why not twenty-one minutes ? 
 he wanted to snap . 
 or twenty-three ? 
 he grumbled over his shoulder and went to salon 2 . 
 the fx - 2000 bronzemat was cool to the touch , a very good sign because luther could n't stand the thought of crawling into the thing after someone else had just left . 
 he quickly sprayed it with windex , wiped it furiously , then rechecked the locked door , undressed as if someone might see him , and very delicately crawled into the tanning bed . 
 he stretched and adjusted until things were as comfortable as they would get , then pulled the top down , hit the on switch , and began to bake . 
 nora 'd been twice and was n't sure she 'd tan again because halfway through her last session someone rattled the doorknob and gave her a start . 
 she blurted something , could n't remember exactly what due to the terror of the moment , and as she instinctively jerked upward she cracked her head on the top of the bronzemat . 
 luther 'd been blamed for that too . 
 laughing about it had n't helped him . 
 before long he was drifting away , drifting to the island princess with its four pools and dark , fit bodies lounging around , drifting to the white sandy beaches of jamaica and grand cayman , drifting through the warm still waters of the caribbean . 
 a buzzer startled him . 
 his twenty-two minutes were up . 
 three sessions now and luther could finally see some improvement in the rickety mirror on the wall . 
 just a matter of time before someone around the office commented on his tan . 
 they were all so envious . 
 as he hurried back to work , his skin still warm , his stomach even flatter after another skipped meal , it began to sleet . 
 luther caught himself dreading the drive home . 
 things were fine until he turned onto hemlock . 
 next door , becker was adding more lights to his shrubs , and , for spite , he was emphasizing the end of his lawn next to luther 's garage . 
 trogdon had so many lights you could n't tell if he was adding more , but luther suspected he was . 
 across the street , next door to trogdon , walt scheel was decorating more each day . 
 this from a guy who 'd hardly hung the first strand a year ago . 
 and now , next door-on the east side of the kranks ' - swade kerr had suddenly been seized with the spirit of christmas and was wrapping his scrawny little boxwoods with brand-new red and green blinking lights . 
 the kerrs homeschooled their brood of children and generally kept them locked in the basement . 
 they refused to vote , did yoga , ate only vegetables , wore sandals with thick socks in the wintertime , avoided employment , and claimed to be atheists . 
 very crunchy , but not bad neighbors . 
 swade 's wife , shirley , with a hyphenated last name , had trust funds . 
 `` they 've got me surrounded , '' luther muttered to himself as he parked in his garage , then sprinted into the house and locked the door behind him . 
 `` look at these , '' nora said with a frown , and after a peck on the cheek , the obligatory `` how was your day ? '' 
 two pastel-colored envelopes , the obvious . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 the last thing luther wanted to see was christmas cards with their phony little messages . 
 luther wanted food , which tonight would be baked fish with steamed veggies . 
 he pulled out both cards , each with a frosty on the front . 
 nothing was signed . 
 no return address on the envelope . 
 anonymous christmas cards . 
 `` very funny , '' he said , flinging them onto the table . 
 `` i thought you 'd like them . 
 they were postmarked in the city . '' 
 `` it 's frohmeyer , '' luther said , yanking off his tie . 
 `` he loves a practical joke . '' 
 halfway through dinner , the doorbell rang . 
 a couple of large bites and luther could 've cleaned his plate , but nora was preaching the virtues of eating slowly . 
 he was still hungry when he got to his feet and . 
 mumbled something about who could it be now ? 
 the fireman 's name was kistler and the medic was kendall , both young and lean , in great shape from countless hours pumping iron down at the station , no doubt at taxpayer expense , luther thought to himself as he invited them inside , just barely through the front door . 
 it was another annual ritual , another perfect example of what was wrong with christmas . 
 kistler 's uniform was navy and kendall 's was olive . 
 neither matched the red-and-white santa 's hats both were wearing , but then who really cared ? 
 the hats were cute and whimsical , but luther was n't smiling . 
 the medic held the paper bag down by his leg . 
 `` selling fruitcakes again this year , mr. krank , kistler was saying . 
 `` do it every year . '' 
 `` money goes for the toy drive , kendall said with perfect timing . 
 `` our goal is nine thousand bucks . '' 
 `` last year we raised just over eight . '' 
 `` hitting it harder this year '' `` christmas eve , we 'll deliver toys to six hundred kids . '' 
 `` it 's an awesome project . '' 
 back and forth , back and forth . 
 a well-drilled tag team . 
 `` you ought to see their faces . '' 
 `` i would n't miss it for the world , `` anyway , got ta raise the money , and fast . '' 
 `` got the old faithful , mabel 's fruitcakes . '' 
 kendall sort of waved the bag at luther as if he might want to grab it and take a peek inside . 
 `` world - famous . '' 
 `` they make 'em in hermansburg , indiana , home of mabel 's bakery . '' 
 `` half the town works there . 
 make nothing but fruitcakes . '' 
 those poor folks , luther thought . 
 `` they have a secret recipe , use only the freshest ingredients . '' 
 `` and make the best fruitcake in the world . '' 
 luther hated fruitcakes . 
 the dates , figs , prunes , nuts , little bits of dried , colored fruit . 
 `` been making 'em for eighty years now . '' 
 `` best - selling cake in the country . 
 six tons last year . '' 
 luther was standing perfectly still , holding his ground , his eyes darting back and forth , back and forth . 
 `` no chemicals , no additives . '' 
 `` i do n't know how they keep them so fresh . '' 
 with chemicals and additives , luther wanted to say . 
 a sharp bolt of hunger hit luther hard . 
 his knees almost buckled , his poker face almost grimaced . 
 for two weeks now his sense of smell had been much keener , no doubt a side effect of a strict diet . 
 maybe he got a whiff of mabel 's finest , he was n't sure , but a craving came over him . 
 suddenly , he had to have something to eat . 
 suddenly , he wanted to snatch the bag from kendall , rip open a package , and start gnawing on a fruitcake . 
 and then it passed . 
 with his jaws clenched , luther hung on until it was gone , then he relaxed . 
 kistler and kendall were so busy with their routine that they had n't noticed . 
 `` we get only so many . '' 
 `` they 're so popular they have to be rationed . '' 
 `` we 're lucky to get nine hundred . '' 
 `` ten bucks a pop , and we 're at nine thousand for the toys . '' 
 `` you bought five last year , mr. krank . '' 
 `` can you do it again ? '' 
 yes , i bought five last year , luther was now remembering . 
 took three to the office and secretly placed them on the desks of three colleagues . 
 by the end of the week , they 'd been passed around so much the packages were worn . 
 dox tossed them in the wastebasket when they shut down for christmas . 
 nora gave the other two to her hairdresser , a three-hundred-pound lady who collected them by the dozen and had fruitcake until july . 
 `` no , '' luther finally said . 
 `` i 'll pass this year . '' 
 the tag team went silent . 
 kistler looked at kendall and kendall looked at kistler . 
 `` say what ? '' 
 `` i do n't want any fruitcakes this year . '' 
 `` is five too many ? '' 
 kistler asked . 
 `` one is too many , '' luther replied , then slowly folded his arms across his chest . 
 `` none ? '' 
 kendall asked , in disbelief . 
 `` zero , '' luther said . 
 they looked as pitiful as possible . 
 `` you guys still put on that fourth of july fishing rodeo for handicapped kids ? '' 
 luther asked . 
 `` every year , '' said kistler . 
 `` great . 
 come back in the summer and i 'll donate a hundred bucks for the fishing rodeo . '' 
 kistler managed to mumble a very weak `` thanks . '' 
 stanley wiley 's father had founded wiley beck in 1949 . 
 beck had been dead so long now no one knew exactly why his name was still on the door . 
 had a nice ring to it-wiley beck-and , too , it would be expensive to change the stationery and such . 
 for an accounting firm that had been around for half a century , the amazing thing was how little it had grown . 
 there were a dozen partners in tax , including luther , and twenty or so in auditing . 
 their clients were mid-range companies that could n't afford the national accounting firms . 
 if stanley wiley 'd had more ambition , some thirty years earlier , the old firm might possibly have caught the wave and become a force . 
 but he had n't , and it did n't , and now it pretended to be content by calling itself a `` boutique firm . '' 
 just as luther was planning another quick departure for another sprint to the mall , stanley materialized from nowhere with a long sandwich , lettuce hanging off the sides . 
 `` got a minute ? '' 
 he said with a mouthful . 
 he was already sitting before luther could say yes or no or can it be quick ? 
 he wore silly bow ties and usually had a variety of stains on his blue button-downs-ink , mayonnaise , coffee . 
 stanley was a slob , his office a notorious landfill where documents and files were lost for months . 
 `` try stanley 's office '' was the firm 's slogan for paperwork that would never be found . 
 `` i hear you 're not going to be at the christmas dinner tomorrow night , '' he said , still chewing . 
 stanley liked to roam the halls at lunch with a sandwich in one hand , a soda in the other , as if he were too busy for a real lunch . 
 `` i 'm eliminating a lot of things this year , stanley , no offense to anyone , '' luther said . 
 `` so it 's true . '' 
 `` it 's true . 
 we will not be there . '' 
 stanley swallowed with a frown , then examined the sandwich in search of the next bite . 
 he was the managing partner , not the boss . 
 luther 'd been a partner for six years . 
 no one at wiley beck could force him to do anything . 
 `` sorry to hear that . 
 jayne will be disappointed . '' 
 `` i 'll drop her a note , '' luther said . 
 it was n't a terrible evening-a nice dinner at an old restaurant downtown , in a private room upstairs , good food , decent wines , a few speeches , then a band and dancing until late . 
 black tie , of course , and the ladies tried hard to one-up each other with dresses and jewelry . 
 jayne wiley was a delightful woman who deserved a lot more than she got with stanley . 
 `` any particular reason ? '' 
 stanley asked , prying just a little . 
 `` we 're skipping the whole production this year , stanley , no tree , no gifts , no hassle . 
 saving the money and taking a cruise for ten days . 
 blair 's gone , we need a break . 
 i figure we 'll catch up rather nicely next year , or if not , the year after . '' 
 `` it does come every year , does n't it ? '' 
 `` it does indeed . '' 
 `` i see you 're losing weight . '' 
 `` ten pounds . 
 the beaches are waiting . '' 
 `` you look great , luther . 
 tanning , i hear . '' 
 `` trying a darker shade , yes . 
 i ca n't let the sun get the best of me . '' 
 a huge bite of the ham-on-baguette , with strands of lettuce trailing along and hanging between the lips . 
 then movement : `` not a bad idea , really . '' 
 or something like that . 
 stanley 's idea of a vacation was a week in his beach house , a hand-me-down in which he had invested nothing in thirty years . 
 luther and nora had spent one dreadful week there , guests of the wileys , who took the main bedroom and put the kranks in the `` guest suite , '' a narrow room with bunk beds and no air conditioning . 
 stanley 'd knocked back gin and tonics from midmorning until late afternoon and the sun never touched his skin . 
 he left , his cheeks full , but before luther could escape , yank slader darted in . 
 `` up to fifty-two hundred bucks , old boy , '' he announced . 
 `` with no end in sight . 
 abigail just spent six hundred bucks on a dress for the christmas dinner , do n't know why she could n't wear the one from last year or the year before , but why argue ? 
 shoes were a buck-forty . 
 purse another ninety . 
 closets 're full of purses and shoes , but do n't get me started . 
 we 'll top seven grand at this rate . 
 please let me go on the cruise . '' 
 inspired by luther , yank was keeping a precise tally on the christmas damage . 
 twice a week he dashed in for updates . 
 what he would do with the results was uncertain . 
 most likely nothing , and he knew it . 
 `` you 're my hero , '' he said again , and left as quickly as he 'd arrived . 
 they 're all envious , luther thought to himself . 
 at this moment , crunch time with only a week to go , and the holiday madness growing each day , they 're all jealous as hell . 
 some , like stanley , were reluctant to admit it . 
 others , like yank , were downright proud of luther . 
 too late to tan . 
 luther walked to his window and enjoyed the view of a cold rain falling on the city . 
 gray skies , barren trees , a few leaves scattering with the wind , traffic backed up on the streets in the distance . 
 how lovely , he thought smugly . 
 he patted his flat stomach , then went downstairs and had a diet soda with biff , the travel agent . 
 at the buzzer , nora bolted from the bronzemat and grabbed a towel . 
 sweating was not something she particularly enjoyed , and she wiped herself with a vengeance . 
 she was wearing a very small red bikini , one that had looked great on the young slinky model in the catalog , one she knew she 'd never wear in public but luther had insisted on anyway . 
 he 'd gawked at the model and threatened to order the thing himself . 
 it was n't too expensive , so nora now owned it . 
 she glanced in the mirror and again blushed at the sight of herself in such a skimpy garment . 
 sure she was losing weight . 
 sure she was getting a tan . 
 but it would take five years of starvation and hard labor in the gym to do justice to what she was wearing at that moment . 
 she dressed quickly , pulling her slacks and sweater on over the bikini . 
 luther swore he tanned in the nude , but she was n't stripping for anyone . 
 even dressed , she still felt like a slut . 
 the thing was tight in all the wrong places , and when she walked , well , it was n't exactly comfortable . 
 she could n't wait to race home , take it off , throw it away , and enjoy a long hot bath . 
 she 'd made it safely out of tans forever and rounded a corner when she came face to face with the reverend doug zabriskie , their minister . 
 he was laden with shopping bags , while she held nothing but her overcoat . 
 he was pale , she was red-faced and still sweating . 
 he was comfortable in his old tweed jacket , overcoat , collar , black shirt . 
 nora 's bikini was cutting off her circulation and shrinking by the moment . 
 they hugged politely . 
 `` missed you last sunday , '' he said , the same irritating habit he 'd picked up years ago . 
 `` we 're so busy , '' she said , checking her forehead for sweat . 
 `` are you okay , nora ? '' 
 `` fine , '' she snapped . 
 `` you look a little winded . '' 
 `` a lot of walking , '' she said , lying to her minister . 
 for some reason he glanced down at her shoes . 
 she certainly was n't wearing sneakers . 
 `` could we chat for a moment ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` well , sure , '' she said . 
 there was an empty bench near the railing of the concourse . 
 the reverend lugged his bags over and piled them beside it . 
 when nora sat , luther 's little red bikini shifted again and something gave way , a strap perhaps , just above her hip , and something was sliding down there . 
 her slacks were loose , not tight at all , and there was plenty of room for movement . 
 `` i 've heard lots of rumors , '' he began softly . 
 he had the annoying habit of getting close to your face when he spoke . 
 nora crossed and recrossed her legs , and with each maneuver made things worse . 
 `` what kind of rumors ? '' 
 she asked stiffly . 
 `` well , i 'll be very honest , nora , '' he said , leaning even lower and closer . 
 `` i hear it from a good source that you and luther have decided not to observe christmas this year . '' 
 `` sort of , yes . '' 
 `` i 've never heard of this , '' he said gravely , as if the kranks had discovered a new variety of sin . 
 she was suddenly afraid to move , and even then got the impression that she was still falling out of her clothes . 
 fresh beads of sweat popped up along her forehead . 
 `` are you okay , nora ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm fine and we 're fine . 
 we still believe in christmas , in celebrating the birth of christ , we 're just passing on all the foolishness this year . 
 blair 's gone and we 're taking a break . '' 
 he pondered this long and hard , while she shifted slightly . 
 `` it is a bit crazy , is n't it ? '' 
 he said , looking at the pile of shopping bags he had deposited nearby . 
 `` yes it is . 
 look , we 're fine , doug , i promise . 
 we 're happy and healthy and just relaxing a bit . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` i hear you 're leaving . '' 
 `` yes , for ten days on a cruise . '' 
 he stroked his beard as though he was n't sure if he approved of this or not . 
 `` you wo n't miss the midnight service , will you ? '' 
 he asked with a smile . 
 `` no promises , doug . '' 
 he patted her knee and said good-bye . 
 she waited until he was out of sight , and then finally mustered the courage to get to her feet . 
 she shuffled out of the mall , cursing luther and his bikini . 
 vic frohmeyer 's wife 's cousin 's youngest daughter was active in her catholic church , which had a large youth choir that enjoyed caroling around the city . 
 couple of phone calls , and the gig was booked . 
 a light snow was falling when the concert began . 
 the choir formed a half-moon in the driveway , near the gas lamp , and on cue started bawling `` o little town of bethlehem . '' 
 they waved at luther when he peeked through the blinds . 
 a crowd soon gathered behind the carolers , kids from the neighborhood , the beckers from next door , the trogdon clan . 
 there by virtue of an anonymous tip , a reporter for the gazette watched for a few minutes , then asserted himself and rang the kranks ' doorbell . 
 luther yanked the door open , ready to land a punch . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` white christmas '' resounded in the background . 
 `` are you mr. krank ? '' 
 asked the reporter . 
 `` yes , and who are you ? '' 
 `` brian brown with the gazette . 
 can i ask you some questions ? '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` about this skipping christmas business . '' 
 luther gazed at the crowd in his driveway . 
 one of those dark silhouettes out there had squealed on him . 
 one of his neighbors had called the newspaper . 
 either frohmeyer or walt scheel . 
 luther suggested dinner at angelo 's , their favorite italian place . 
 it was on the ground floor of an old building downtown , far away from the hordes at the malls and shopping centers , five blocks from the parade route . 
 it was a good night to be away from hemlock . 
 they ordered salad with light dressing and pasta with tomato sauce , no meat , no wine , no bread . 
 nora had tanned for the seventh time , luther for the tenth , and as they sipped their sparkling water they admired their weathered looks and chuckled at all the pale faces around them . 
 one of luther 's grandmothers had been half-italian , and his mediterranean genes were proving quite conducive to tanning . 
 he was several shades darker than nora , and his friends were noticing . 
 he could n't have cared less . 
 by now , everybody knew they were headed for the islands . 
 `` it 's starting now , '' nora said , looking at her watch . 
 luther looked at his . 
 seven p.m. . 
 the christmas parade was launched every year from veteran 's park , in midtown . 
 with floats and fire trucks and marching bands , it never changed . 
 santa always brought up the rear in a sleigh built by the rotarians and escorted by eight fat shriners on mini-bikes . 
 the parade looped through the west side and came close to hemlock . 
 every year for the past eighteen , the kranks and their neighbors had camped along the parade route and made an event out of it . 
 it was a festive evening , one luther and nora wished to avoid this year . 
 hemlock would be wild with kids and carolers and who knew what else . 
 probably bicycle gangs chanting `` free frosty '' and little terrorists planting signs on their front lawn . 
 `` how was the firm 's christmas dinner ? '' 
 nora asked . 
 `` sounded like the usual . 
 same room , same waiters , same tenderloin , same souffle . 
 slader said stanley got drunk as a skunk during cocktails . '' 
 `` i 've never seen him sober during cocktails . '' 
 `` he made the same speech-great effort , billings up , we 'll knock 'em dead next year , wiley beck is family , thanks to all . 
 that sort of stuff . 
 i 'm glad we missed it . '' 
 `` anybody else skip it ? '' 
 `` slader said maupin from auditing was a no-show . '' 
 `` i wonder what jayne wore ? '' 
 `` i 'll ask slader . 
 i 'm sure he took notes . '' 
 their salads arrived and they gawked at the baby spinach like famine refugees . 
 but they slowly and properly applied the dressing , a little salt and pepper , then began eating as if they were completely disinterested in food . 
 the island princess served nonstop food . 
 luther planned to eat until he popped . 
 at a table not far away , a pretty young lady with dark hair was eating with her date . 
 nora saw her and laid down her fork . 
 `` do you think she 's okay , luther ? '' 
 luther glanced around the room and said , `` who ? '' 
 `` blair . '' 
 he finished chewing and pondered the question that she now asked only three times a day . 
 `` she 's fine , nora . 
 she 's having a great time . '' 
 `` is she safe ? '' 
 another standard question , posed as if luther should know for certain whether their daughter was safe or not at that precise moment . 
 `` the peace corps has n't lost a volunteer in thirty years . 
 yes , trust me , they 're very careful , nora . 
 now eat . '' 
 she pushed her greens around , took a bite , lost interest . 
 luther wiped his plate clean and honed in on hers . 
 `` you gon na eat that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she swapped plates , and in a flash luther had cleaned the second one . 
 the pasta arrived and she guarded her bowl . 
 after a few measured bites , she stopped suddenly , her fork halfway to her face . 
 then she laid it down again and said , `` i forgot . '' 
 luther was chewing with a vengeance . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 her face was stricken with terror . 
 `` what is it , nora ? '' 
 he repeated , swallowing hard . 
 `` do n't those judges come around after the parade ? '' 
 then it hit luther too . 
 he retired his fork for a moment , sipped water , gazed painfully at nothing in the distance . 
 yes , indeed , it was true . 
 after the parade , a committee from parks and rec toured the neighborhoods on a float pulled by a john deere tractor and examined the level of christmas spirit . 
 they gave individual awards in various categories-original design , festive lighting , etc. . 
 and they handed out an award to the street with the best decorations . 
 hemlock had won the blue ribbon twice . 
 the year before , hemlock had placed second , primarily because , according to the gossip on the street , two of the forty-two homes had not put up a frosty . 
 boxwood lane three blocks north had come from nowhere with a dazzling row of candy canes-candy cane lane it described itself-and took away hemlock 's award . 
 frohmeyer circulated memos for a month . 
 dinner , now ruined , came to a standstill as they picked through their pasta and killed as much time as possible . 
 two long cups of decaf . 
 when angelo 's was empty , luther paid the bill and they drove home , slowly . 
 sure enough , hemlock lost again . 
 luther fetched the gazette in the semidarkness , and was horrified with the front page of metro . 
 the award winners were listed-cherry avenue first , boxwood lane second , stanton third . 
 trogdon across the street with more than fourteen thousand lights finished fourth in festive lighting . 
 in the center of the page was a large color photo of the krank home , taken at some distance . 
 luther studied it intently and tried to determine the angle . 
 the photographer had shot down and at a wide angle , sort of an aerial view . 
 next door , the becker house positively glowed with a blinding display of lights . 
 on the other side , the kerrs ' house and lawn were perfectly lined with alternating reds and greens , thousands of them by now . 
 the krank home was dark . 
 to the east , the frohmeyers ' , nugents ' , and galdys ' could be seen , all glowing warmly , all with their frostys sitting snugly on the roofs . 
 to the west , the dents ' , sloanes ' , and bellingtons ' all radiated christmas splendor . 
 the krank home was very dark . 
 `` scheel , '' luther grumbled to himself . 
 the photo was taken from directly across the street . 
 walt scheel had allowed the photographer to climb onto the roof of his two-story house and shoot down with a wide lens . 
 probably had the whole street egging him on . 
 under the photo was a brief story . 
 headlined `` skipping christmas , it read : the home of mr. and mrs. luther krank is rather dark this christmas . 
 while the rest of their neighbors on hemlock street are decorating and busily preparing for santa , the kranks are skipping christmas and preparing for a cruise , according to unnamed sources . 
 no tree , no lights , and no frosty up on the roof , the only house on hemlock to keep frosty hidden in the basement . 
 -lrb- hemlock , a frequent winner in the gazette 's street decoration contest , finished a disappointing sixth this year . -rrb- 
 `` i hope they 're satisfied now , '' complained one unidentified neighbor . 
 `` a rotten display of selfishness , '' said another . 
 if luther 'd had a machine gun , he would 've bolted outside and commenced spraying houses . 
 instead he sat for a long time with a knot in his stomach and tried to convince himself that this too would pass . 
 just four days until they left , and when they came back all those damned frostys would be stored away , the lights and trees would be gone . 
 the bills would start flooding in , and perhaps then all his wonderful neighbors would be more sympathetic . 
 he flipped through the newspaper but his concentration was shot . 
 finally , luther found his resolve , gritted his teeth , and took the bad news to his wife . 
 `` what a horrible way to wake up , '' nora said as she tried to focus on the photo in the newspaper . 
 she rubbed her eyes and squinted . 
 `` that jerk scheel allowed the photographer to get on his roof , '' luther said . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` of course i 'm sure . 
 look at the picture . '' 
 she was trying . 
 then she found her focus and read the story . 
 she gasped at '' ... rotten display of selfishness . '' 
 `` who said that ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` either scheel or frohmeyer . 
 who knows . 
 i 'm in the shower . '' 
 `` how dare they ! '' 
 nora said , still gawking at the photo . 
 atta girl , thought luther . 
 get mad . 
 stiffen your back . 
 just four days to go-we 're not collapsing now . 
 that night , after dinner and an effort at television , luther decided to take a walk . 
 he bundled up and wrapped a wool scarf around his neck ; it was below freezing outside with a chance of snow . 
 he and nora had bought one of the first homes on hemlock ; damned if he 'd be forced to hide inside . 
 this was his street , his neighborhood , his friends . 
 one day soon this little episode would be forgotten . 
 luther ambled along , hands stuck deep in his pockets , cold air invigorating his lungs . 
 he made it to the far end , to the intersection of moss point , before spike frohmeyer picked up his trail and caught him on a skateboard . 
 `` hi , mr. krank , '' he said as he rolled to a stop . 
 `` well hello , spike . '' 
 `` what brings you out ? '' 
 `` just taking a little walk . '' 
 `` enjoying the christmas decorations ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 what brings you out ? '' 
 `` just watching the street , '' spike said , then looked around as if an invasion were imminent . 
 `` what 's santa gon na bring you ? '' 
 spike smiled and pondered for a second . 
 `` not sure , but probably a gameboy and a hockey stick and a set of drums . '' 
 `` quite a haul . '' 
 `` course i do n't really believe anymore , you know . 
 but mike 's just five so we still pretend . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` got ta go . 
 merry christmas . '' 
 `` merry christmas to you , spike , '' luther said , uttering the forbidden greeting for what he hoped was the first and last time of the season . 
 spike disappeared down hemlock , no doubt racing home to report to his father that mr. krank was out of his house and loose on the sidewalk . 
 luther stopped in front of the trogdons ' spectacle-more than fourteen thousand lights draped over trees and shrubs and windows and porch columns . 
 up on the roof with frosty was santa and his reindeer-rudolph of course with a bright , flashing nose-all perfectly outlined with white lights . 
 the roof itself was lined with two rows of red and green , blinking alternatively . 
 the chimney was flashing too-hundreds of blue lights pulsating at once and casting an eerie glow over old frosty . 
 along the holly bushes next to the house a squad of tin soldiers stood guard , each as tall as a human and wrapped with multicolored lights . 
 in the center of the lawn was a handsome nativity scene , complete with real hay bales and a goat whose tail went up and down . 
 quite a show . 
 luther heard something , a ladder falling in the garage next to the trogdons ' . 
 the garage door was up and through the shadows he saw walt scheel wrestling with yet another strand of lights . 
 he walked over and caught walt off guard . 
 `` evening , walt , '' he said pleasantly . 
 `` well , if it is n't ole scrooge himself , '' walt said with a forced smile . 
 they shook hands and each tried to think of something cutting and witty . 
 luther took a step back , looked up , and said , `` how 'd that photographer get up there ? '' 
 `` which photographer ? '' 
 `` the one from the gazette . '' 
 `` oh , that one . '' 
 `` yes , that one . '' 
 `` he climbed up . '' 
 `` no kidding . 
 why 'd you let him ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 said he wanted to get the whole street . '' 
 luther snorted and waved it off . 
 `` i 'm a little surprised at you , walt , '' he said , though he was n't surprised at all . 
 for eleven years they 'd been cordial an the surface , neither wanting an outright feud . 
 but luther did n't like walt for his snobbery and one-upmanship . 
 and walt did n't care for luther because he 'd suspected for years that their salaries were almost equal . 
 `` and i 'm a little surprised at you , '' walt said , but neither neighbor was surprised at all . 
 `` i think you have a light out over there , '' luther said , pointing to a shrub wrapped with a hundred lights . 
 `` i 'll get right on it . '' 
 `` see you , '' luther said , walking away . 
 `` merry christmas , '' walt called after him . 
 the wiley beck office christmas party would begin with a lunch catered by two feuding greek brothers who made the best baklava in the city . 
 the bar opened at precisely eleven forty-five-three bars actually-and soon thereafter things got sloppy . 
 stanley wiley would be the first to get smashed-he 'd blame it on the loaded eggnog-and he 'd stand on a box at the end of the conference table and deliver the same speech he 'd given a week earlier at the black-tie christmas dinner . 
 then they 'd present him with a gift , a shotgun or a new sand wedge or some other useless souvenir that he 'd practically cry over , then quietly give to a client months later . 
 there 'd be other gifts , some speeches and gags , and a song or two as the booze flowed . 
 two male strippers appeared one year , and , to the beat of a howling boom box , disrobed down to their leopard thongs while the men ran for cover and the secretaries squealed with delight . 
 dox , luther 's secretary , had squealed the loudest and still had photos of the boys . 
 in a memo , stanley had banned future strippers . 
 by five , some of the most starched and staid accountants at wiley beck would be groping or attempting to grope some of the homeliest secretaries . 
 getting plastered was accepted behavior . 
 they 'd haul stanley to his office and fill him with coffee before he could go home . 
 the firm hired cars so no one would drive . 
 all in all , it was a mess . 
 but the partners loved it because it was a good drunk away from their wives , who 'd been properly entertained at the firm 's fancy christmas dinner and had never been invited to the office party . 
 the secretaries loved it because they saw and heard things they could tuck away and use as blackmail for the rest of the year . 
 luther hated the christmas party even in a good year . 
 he drank little and never got drunk , and every year he was embarrassed for his colleagues as they made fools of themselves . 
 so he stayed in his office with his door locked and tended to last-minute details . 
 then some music started down the hall just after 11 a.m. luther found the right moment and disappeared . 
 it was the twenty-third of december . 
 he would n't return until the sixth of january , and by then the office would be back to normal . 
 good riddance . 
 he stepped into the travel agency to say good-bye to biff , but she was already gone , off to a fabulous new resort in mexico that offered a holiday package . 
 he walked briskly to his car , quite proud that he was skipping the madness up on the sixth floor . 
 he drove toward the mall , for one last tanning session , one last look at the crush of idiots who 'd waited till almost the last minute to buy whatever was left in the stores . 
 the traffic was dense and slow , and when he finally arrived at the mall a traffic cop was blocking the entrance . 
 parking lots were full . 
 no more room . 
 go away . 
 gladly , thought luther . 
 he met nora for lunch at a crowded bakery in the district . 
 they 'd actually made a reservation , something unheard of for the rest of the year . 
 he was late . 
 she 'd been crying . 
 `` it 's bev scheel , '' she said . 
 `` went for a checkup yesterday . 
 the cancer 's back , for the third time . '' 
 though luther and walt had never been close , their wives had managed to maintain good relations over the past couple of years . 
 truth was , for many years no one on hemlock had much to do with the scheels . 
 they 'd worked hard to have more , and their higher income had always been on display . 
 `` it 's spread to her lungs , '' nora said , wiping her eyes . 
 they ordered sparkling water . 
 `` and they suspect it 's in her kidneys and liver . '' 
 luther winced as the horrific disease crept on . 
 `` that 's awful , '' he said in a low voice . 
 `` this could be her last christmas . '' 
 `` did her doctor say that ? '' 
 he asked , wary of amateur prognostications . 
 `` no , i did . '' 
 they dwelt on the scheels far too long , and when luther 'd had enough he said , `` we leave in forty-eight hours . 
 cheers . '' 
 they touched plastic glasses and nora managed a smile . 
 halfway through their salads , luther asked , `` any regrets ? '' 
 she shook her head no , swallowed , and said , `` oh , i 've missed the tree at times , the decorations , the music , the memories , i guess . 
 but not the traffic and shopping and stress . 
 it was a great idea , luther . '' 
 `` i 'm a genius . '' 
 `` let 's not get carried away . 
 you think blair will even think about christmas ? '' 
 `` not if she 's lucky . 
 doubt it , '' he said with a mouthful . 
 `` she 's working with a bunch of heathen savages who worship rivers and such . 
 why should they take a break for christmas ? '' 
 `` that 's a little harsh , luther . 
 savages ? '' 
 `` just kidding , dear . 
 i 'm sure they 're gentle people . 
 not to worry . '' 
 `` she said she never looks at a calendar . '' 
 `` now that 's impressive . 
 i 've got two calendars in my office and i still forget which day it is . '' 
 millie from the women 's clinic barged in with a hug for nora and a merry christmas for luther , who would 've otherwise been irritated except that millie was tall and lanky and very cute for a woman her age . 
 early fifties . 
 `` you heard about bev scheel , '' millie whispered as if luther had suddenly vanished . 
 now he was irritated . 
 he prayed bed never be stricken with some dreadful disease , not in this city . 
 the volunteer women would know about it before he did . 
 give me a heart attack or a car wreck , something quick . 
 something that can not be whispered about while i linger . 
 millie finally left , and they finished their salads . 
 luther was famished as he paid the check , and caught himself once again dreaming of the luxurious spreads of food in the island princess brochures . 
 nora had errands to run . 
 luther did not . 
 he drove to hemlock , parked in his driveway , a little relieved that there were no neighbors loitering near his house . 
 in the daily mail there were four more anonymous frosty christmas cards , these postmarked in rochester , fort worth , green bay , and st. louis . 
 frohmeyer 's bunch at the university traveled a lot , and luther suspected this was their little game . 
 frohmeyer was restless and creative enough to mastermind such a prank . 
 thirty-one frosty cards had now been received , two all the way from vancouver . 
 luther was saving them , and when he returned from the caribbean he planned to stuff them in a large envelope and mail them , anonymously of course , to vic frohmeyer , two doors down . 
 `` they 'll arrive with all of his credit card bills , '' luther said to himself as he put the frosty cards in a drawer with the others . 
 he made a fire , settled under a quilt in his chair , and fell asleep . 
 it was a rowdy night on hemlock . 
 marauding bands of boisterous carolers took turns at the krank house . 
 often they were assisted by neighbors seized by the spirit of the moment . 
 at one point , a chant of `` we want frosty ! '' 
 erupted behind a choir from the lions club . 
 handmade signs demanding `` free frosty '' appeared , the first hammered into the ground by none other than spike frohmeyer . 
 he and his little gang were up and dawn hemlock , on skateboards and bikes , yelling and reveling in their pre-christmas eve exuberance . 
 an impromptu block party materialized . 
 trish trogdon fixed hot cocoa for the kids while her husband , wes , rigged up speakers in the driveway . 
 soon `` frosty the snowman '' and `` jingle bells '' were wafting through the night , interrupted only when a real choir arrived to serenade the kranks . 
 wes played a selection of favorites , but his favorite that night was `` frosty . '' 
 christmas eve . 
 luther and nora slept until almost 7 a.m. , when the phone awakened them . 
 `` may i speak to frosty ? '' 
 came the voice of a teenager , and before luther could shoot back a retort the line was dead . 
 he managed to laugh though , and as he jumped out of bed he patted his rather firm stomach and said , `` the islands are calling us , dear . 
 let 's pack . '' 
 `` fetch my coffee , '' she said and slid deeper under the covers . 
 the morning was overcast and cold , the chance of a white christmas fifty-fifty . 
 luther certainly did n't want one . 
 nora would lapse into a spell of nostalgia if snow fell on christmas eve . 
 she 'd grown up in connecticut , where , according to her , every christmas had been white . 
 luther did n't want the weather meddling with their flight tomorrow . 
 he stood at the front window , exactly where the tree would 've been , sipped his coffee , gazed upon his lawn to make sure it had not been vandalized by spike frohmeyer and his band of outlaws , and looked at the scheel home across the street . 
 in spite of all its lights and decorations , it was a gloomy place . 
 walt and bev were in there , having their coffee , sleepwalking through the motions , both knowing but not saying that this could be their last christmas together . 
 for a moment luther felt a twinge of regret about eliminating christmas , but it did n't last long . 
 next door , things were certainly different at the trogdons ' . 
 they followed the odd custom of playing santa claus on the morning of christmas eve , twenty-four hours before the rest of the world , then loading their mini-van and racing off to a lodge for a week of skiing . 
 same lodge every year , and trogdon had explained that they had christmas dinner in a stone cabin before a roaring fireplace with thirty other trogdons . 
 very cozy , great skiing , kids loved it , and the family got along . 
 different strokes . 
 so the trogdons were already up and unwrapping piles of gifts . 
 luther could see movement around their tree , and he knew that before long they 'd be hauling boxes and bags to the van , then the yelling would start . 
 the trogdon kids would be whisked away before they were forced to explain , how , exactly , they got such a favorable deal from santa claus . 
 otherwise , hemlock was still and quiet , bracing itself for the festivities . 
 luther took another sip and grinned smugly at the world . 
 on the morning of a typical christmas eve , nora would bounce out of bed at sunrise with two long lists , one for her , an even longer one for him . 
 by seven , she 'd have a turkey in the oven , the house spotless , the tables set for the party , and her thoroughly defeated husband out in the jungle trying to beat last-minute traffic with his list . 
 they 'd bark at each other , face to face and by cell phone . 
 he 'd forget something and be sent back into the streets . 
 he 'd break something and the world would come to an end . 
 total chaos . 
 then , around six , when they were both exhausted and sick off the holidays , their guests would arrive . 
 their guests would also be dog-tired from the frenzied ordeal of christmas , but they would push on and make the best of it . 
 the krank christmas party had begun years earlier with a dozen or so friends over for appetizers and drinks , last year , they 'd fed fifty . 
 his smug smile spread even wider across his face . 
 he relished the solitude of his home and the prospect of a day with nothing to do but throw a few clothes in a suitcase and get ready for the beaches . 
 they enjoyed a late breakfast of tasteless bran cereal and yogurt . 
 conversation over the gazette was soft and pleasant . 
 nora was trying gamely to ignore the memories of past christmases . 
 she worked hard at being excited about their trip . 
 `` do you think she 's safe ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 `` she 's fine , '' luther said without looking up . 
 they stood at the front window and talked about the scheels , and they watched the trogdons move about . 
 traffic picked up on hemlock as folks ventured out for one last foray into the madness . 
 a delivery truck stopped in front of their house . 
 butch the deliveryman bounded out of it with a box . 
 he ran to the front door just as luther was opening it . 
 `` merry christmas , '' he said tersely , and practically threw the package at luther . 
 a week earlier , during a less-stressful delivery , butch had lingered a bit , waiting for his annual gratuity . 
 luther had explained that they were not celebrating christmas this year . 
 see , we have no tree , butch . 
 no decorations . 
 no gifts . 
 no lights on the shrubs , no frosty on the roof . 
 just dropping out this year , butch . 
 no calendars from the police , no fruitcakes from the firemen . 
 nothing , butch . 
 butch left with nothing . 
 the box was from a mail-order outfit called boca beach . 
 luther 'd found them on the internet . 
 he took the package to the bedroom , locked the door , and put on a matching shirt and shorts outfit that in print had looked just a little offbeat , but now , hanging on luther , looked downright gaudy . 
 `` what is it , luther ? '' 
 nora said , banging on the door . 
 it was a yellow , aqua , and teal print of marine life-large fat fishes with bubbles floating up from their mouths . 
 whimsical , yes . 
 silly , yes . 
 and luther decided right there on the spot that he would love it and wear it proudly around one of the pools on the island princess . 
 he yanked open the door . 
 nora covered her mouth and was instantly hysterical . 
 he paraded down the hall , wife behind him in stitches , his brown feet and toes a sharp contrast to the khaki carpet , and he marched into the living room where he stood proudly at the front window for all of hemlock to see . 
 `` you 're not going to wear that ! '' 
 nora roared from behind him . 
 `` i certainly am ! '' 
 `` then i 'm not going ! '' 
 `` yes you are . '' 
 `` it 's hideous . '' 
 `` you 're just jealous because you do n't have this outfit . '' 
 `` i 'm thrilled that i do n't have it . '' 
 he grabbed her and they danced around the room , both laughing , nora to the point of having tears in her eyes . 
 her husband , an uptight tax accountant with a stodgy outfit like wiley beck , trying his best to dress like a beach bum . 
 and missing badly . 
 the phone rang . 
 as luther would remember after , he and nora stopped their dancing and laughing on the second ring , maybe the third , and for some reason paused and stared at the phone . 
 it rang again , and he walked a few steps to get it . 
 things were deathly still and quiet ; as he recalled later , everything seemed to be in slow motion . 
 `` hello , '' he said . 
 for some reason , the receiver felt heavier . 
 `` daddy , it 's me . '' 
 he was surprised , then he was not . 
 surprised to hear blair 's voice , but then not surprised at all that she had schemed some way to get to a phone to call her parents and wish them a merry christmas . 
 they had phones in peru , after all . 
 but her words were so crisp and clear . 
 luther had trouble picturing his beloved daughter on a stump in the jungle yelling into some portable satellite phone . 
 `` blair , '' he said . 
 nora bolted to his side . 
 the next word that registered with luther was the word `` miami . '' 
 there were words before it and some after , but that one stuck . 
 just seconds into the conversation luther was treading water and about to sink . 
 things were swirling . 
 `` how are you , dear ? '' 
 he asked . 
 a few words , then that `` miami '' word again . 
 `` you 're in miami ? '' 
 luther said , his voice high and dry . 
 nora shuffled quickly so that her eyes , wild and harsh , were just inches from his . 
 then he listened . 
 then he repeated , `` you 're in miami , conning home for christmas . 
 how wonderful , blair ! '' 
 nora 's jaws unlocked , her mouth fell open as wide as luther had ever seen it . 
 more listening , then `` who ? 
 enrique ? '' 
 then at full volume , luther said , `` your fiance ! 
 but what fiance ?! '' 
 nora somehow managed to think , and she pushed the speaker button on the phone . 
 blair 's words poured forward and echoed around the living room ; `` he 's a peruvian doctor i met right after i got here , and he 's just so wonderful . 
 we fell in love at first sight and within a week decided to get married . 
 he 's never been to the states and he 's so excited . 
 i 've told him all about christmas there-the tree , the decorations , frosty up on the roof , the christmas party , everything . 
 is it snowing , daddy ? 
 enrique has never seen a white christmas . '' 
 `` no , honey , not yet . 
 here 's your mother . '' 
 luther handed the receiver to nora , who took it , though with the speaker button down it was n't needed . 
 `` blair , where are you , dear ? '' 
 nora asked , doing a good job of sounding enthused . 
 `` in the miami airport , mom , and our flight gets home at six-oh-three . 
 mom , you 're gon na love enrique , he 's the sweetest thing , and drop-dead gorgeous , too . 
 we 're crazy in love with each other . 
 we 'll talk about the wedding , probably do it next summer , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` uh , well see . '' 
 luther had fallen onto the sofa , apparently stricken with a life-threatening ailment . 
 blair gushed on : `` i 've told him all about christmas on hemlock , the kids , the frostys , the big party at our house . 
 you 're doing the party , are n't you , mom ? '' 
 luther , near death , groaned , and nora made her first mistake . 
 in the panic of the moment she could not be blamed for muddled thinking . 
 what she should 've said , what she wished she 'd said , what luther later , with perfect hindsight , claimed she should 've said , was `` well , no , honey , we 're not doing the party this year . '' 
 but nothing was clear right then , and nora said , `` of course we are . '' 
 luther groaned again . 
 nora looked at him , the fallen beach bum in his ridiculous costume , lying over there like he 'd been shot . 
 she 'd certainly shoot him if given half a chance . 
 `` oh great ! 
 enrique has always wanted to see christmas in the states . 
 i 've told him all about it . 
 is n't this a wonderful surprise , mom ? '' 
 `` oh , honey , i 'm so thrilled , '' nora managed to get out with just enough conviction . 
 `` we 'll have a grand time . '' 
 `` mom , no gifts , okay . 
 please promise me no gifts . 
 i wanted to surprise you by coming home , but i do n't want you and daddy running around right now buying a bunch of gifts . 
 promise ? '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 `` great . 
 i ca n't wait to get home . '' 
 you 've been gone only a month , luther wanted to say . 
 `` are you sure this is okay , mom ? '' 
 as if luther and nora had a choice . 
 as if they could say , `` no , blair , you ca n't come home for christmas . 
 turn around , dear , and go back to the jungles of peru . '' 
 `` i got ta run . 
 we fly from here to atlanta , then home . 
 can you meet us ? '' 
 `` of course , dear , '' nora said . 
 `` no problem . 
 and you say he 's a doctor ? '' 
 `` yes , mother , and he 's so wonderful . '' 
 luther sat on the edge of the sofa with his face stuck in his palms and appeared to be crying . 
 nora stood with the phone clutched in her hand and her hands on her hips , staring at the man on the sofa and debating whether or not to hurl it at him . 
 against her better judgment , she decided not to . 
 he opened his palms just wide enough to say , `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` it 's eleven-fifteen , december twenty-fourth . '' 
 the room was frozen for a long time before luther said , `` why did you tell her we were having the party ? '' 
 `` because we 're having the party . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` i do n't know who 's coming or what they 're going to eat when they get here , but we 're having a party . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure - '' `` do n't start , luther . 
 this was your stupid idea . '' 
 `` you did n't think it was stupid yesterday . '' 
 `` yeah , well today you 're an idiot . 
 we 're having the party , mr. beach bum , and we 're putting up a tree , with lights and decorations , and you 're going to get your little brown butt up on the roof and do frosty . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 another long pause and luther could hear a clock ticking loudly somewhere in the kitchen . 
 or perhaps it was the steady pounding of his heart his shorts caught his attention . 
 just minutes earlier bed put them on in anticipation of a magical trip to paradise . 
 nora put the phone down and went to the kitchen , where drawers were soon being slammed . 
 luther continued staring at his colorful shorts . 
 now they made him ill . 
 gone were the cruise , the beaches , the islands , the warm waters , and the nonstop food . 
 luther slowly made his way to the kitchen , where his wife was sitting at the table , lists already under way . 
 `` can we talk about this ? '' 
 he pleaded . 
 `` talk about what , luther ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` let 's tell her the truth . '' 
 `` another dumb idea . '' 
 `` the truth is always better . '' 
 she stopped writing and glared at him . 
 `` here 's the truth , luther . 
 we have less than seven hours to get this place ready for christmas . '' 
 `` she should 've called earlier . '' 
 `` no , she assumed we 'd be here with a tree and gifts and a party , same as always . 
 who would ever dream that two otherwise sensible adults would skip christmas and go on a cruise ? '' 
 `` maybe we can still go . '' 
 `` another dumb idea , luther . 
 she 's coming home with her fiance . 
 is this registering with you ? 
 i 'm sure they 'll be here for at least a week . 
 i hope so anyway . 
 forget the cruise . 
 you have bigger problems right now . '' 
 `` i 'm not doing frosty . '' 
 `` yes you are . 
 and i 'll tell you something else . 
 blair will never know about the cruise , understand ? 
 she 'd be crushed if she knew we 'd planned it , and that she 'd interfered . 
 do you understand me , luther ? '' 
 `` yes ma'am . '' 
 she thrust a sheet of paper at him . 
 `` here 's the plan , bozo . 
 you go buy a tree . 
 i 'll get down the lights and ornaments . 
 while you 're decorating it , i 'll hit the stores and see if there 's any food left for a party . '' 
 `` who 's coming to the party ? '' 
 `` i have n't got that far yet . 
 now move . 
 and change clothes , you look ridiculous . '' 
 `` do n't peruvians have dark skin ? '' 
 he asked . 
 nora froze for a second . 
 they stared at each other , then both looked away . 
 `` i guess it does n't matter now , '' she said . 
 `` she 's not really getting married , is she ? '' 
 luther said , in disbelief . 
 `` we 'll worry about the wedding if we survive christmas . '' 
 luther darted to his car , cranked it , backed down the drive quickly , and sped away . 
 leaving was easy . 
 returning would be painful . 
 traffic got thick in a hurry , and as he sat still he stewed , and fumed , and cursed . 
 a thousand thoughts raced through his overworked brain . 
 an hour earlier he 'd been enjoying a restful morning , sipping his third cup of coffee , etc. , etc. . 
 now look at him-just another loser lost in traffic while the clock ticked away . 
 the boy scouts sold trees in a kroger parking lot . 
 luther skidded to a stop and jumped from his car . 
 there was one boy scout , one scoutmaster , one tree . 
 business was winding down for the season . 
 `` merry christmas , mr. krank , '' said the scoutmaster , who looked vaguely familiar . 
 `` i 'm joe scanlon , same guy who brought a tree to your house a few weeks ago . '' 
 luther was listening but he was also staring at the last tree , a crooked spindly dwarf of a pine shrub that had been passed over for good reasons . 
 i 'll take it , '' he said , pointing . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` sure , how much ? '' 
 a handmade sign leaning against a pickup truck listed various prices , beginning with $ 75 and falling all the way to $ 15 as the days had passed . 
 all prices , including the $ 15 , had been scratched through . 
 scanlon hesitated , then said , `` seventy-five bucks . '' 
 `` why not fifteen ? '' 
 `` supply and demand . '' 
 `` it 's a rip-off . '' 
 `` it 's for the boy scouts . '' 
 `` i 'll give you fifty . '' 
 `` seventy - five , take it or leave it . '' 
 luther handed over the cash and the boy scout placed a flattened cardboard box on top of luther 's lexus . 
 they wrestled the tree up and onto the car , then secured it with rope . 
 luther watched them carefully , glancing at his watch every two minutes . 
 when the tree was in place , the hood and trunk were already accumulating dead pine needles , lots of them . 
 `` it needs water , '' said the scout . 
 `` i thought you were n't doing christmas , '' scanlon said . 
 `` merry christmas , '' luther said gruffly , getting in his car . 
 `` i would n't drive too fast . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` those pine needles are awfully brittle . '' 
 back in traffic , luther sat low behind the wheel and stared straight ahead as he crept along . 
 at a traffic light , a soft drink delivery truck eased next to him and stopped . 
 he heard someone yell , looked up to his left , then cracked his window . 
 a couple of rednecks were staring down , grinning . 
 `` hey buddy , that 's the ugliest tree i 've ever seen ! '' 
 yelled one . 
 `` it 's christmas , come on , spend some money ! '' 
 yelled the other , and they roared with laughter . 
 `` that tree 's shedding faster than a dog with mange , '' yelled one of them , and luther raised his window . 
 still , he could hear them laughing . 
 as he neared hemlock , his pulse quickened . 
 with a little luck , maybe he could make it home without being seen . 
 luck ? 
 how could he hope for good luck ? 
 but it happened . 
 he roared past his neighbors ' homes , hit his driveway on two wheels , and came to a sliding stop in the garage , all this without seeing a soul . 
 he jumped from the car and was pulling at the ropes when he stopped , and stared , in disbelief . 
 the tree was completely bare-nothing but crooked limbs and branches , no greenery whatsoever . 
 the brittle pine needles scanlon had warned him about were still blowing in the wind between the kroger and hemlock street . 
 the tree was a pitiful sight lying there on the flattened cardboard , dead as driftwood . 
 luther looked around , scanned the street , then yanked the tree off the car and pulled it through the garage door and into the backyard where no one could see it . 
 he toyed with the idea of lighting a match and putting it out of its misery , but there was no time for ceremonies . 
 thankfully , nora had already left . 
 luther stomped into the house and almost crashed into a wall of boxes she 'd hauled from the attic-boxes carefully marked : new ornaments , old ornaments , garland , tree lights , outside lights . 
 nine boxes in all , and he 'd been left with the chore of emptying their contents and decorating the tree . 
 it would take days . 
 what tree ! 
 on the wall by the phone she 'd tacked a message with the names of four couples for him to call . 
 all were very close friends , the kind you could confess to and say , `` look , we 've screwed up . 
 blair 's coming home . 
 please forgive us and come to our party . '' 
 he 'd call them later . 
 but the note said do it now . 
 so he dialed the number for gene and annie laird , perhaps their oldest friends in town . 
 gene answered the phone and had to yell because a riot was under way . 
 `` grandkids ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` all four of them . 
 got an extra spot on the cruise ship , old boy ? '' 
 luther gritted his teeth and plowed through a quick narrative , then gave the invitation . 
 `` what a bummer ! '' 
 gene yelled . 
 `` she 's coming home now ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` and bringing a peruvian ? '' 
 `` you got it . 
 quite a shock , really . 
 can you guys help us out ? '' 
 `` sorry , pal . 
 we got family in from five states . '' 
 `` oh , they 're invited too . 
 we need a crowd . '' 
 `` let me check with annie . '' 
 luther slammed down the phone , looked at the nine large boxes , and was hit with an idea . 
 probably a bad idea , but at the moment good ones were scarce . 
 he ran into the garage and gazed across the street at the trogdon house . 
 the van was packed with luggage and skis were strapped across the top of it . 
 wes trogdon emerged from his garage with a backpack to throw on board , luther stepped quickly across the beckers ' front lawn and yelled , `` hey , wes ! '' 
 `` hello , luther , '' he said hurriedly . 
 `` merry christmas . '' 
 `` yeah , merry christmas to you . '' 
 they met behind trogdon 's van . 
 luther knew he had to be quick . 
 `` look , wes , i 'm in a bit of a jam . '' 
 `` luther , we 're late . 
 we should 've been on the road two hours ago . '' 
 a small trogdon darted around the van , firing a space gun at an unseen target . 
 `` just take a minute , '' luther said , trying to be cool but hating the fact that he was begging . 
 `` blair called an hour ago . 
 she 'll be home tonight . 
 i need a christmas tree . '' 
 the hurried and stressed look on wes 's face relaxed , then a smile broke out . 
 then he laughed . 
 `` i know , i know , '' luther said , defeated . 
 `` what 're you going to do with that tan ? '' 
 wes asked between laughs . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 look , wes , i need a tree . 
 there are no more trees for sale . 
 can i borrow yours ? '' 
 trish screamed from somewhere inside the garage , `` wes ! 
 where are you ? '' 
 `` out here ! '' 
 he yelled back . 
 `` you want my tree ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'll return it before you get home . 
 i swear . '' 
 `` that 's ridiculous . '' 
 `` yes , it is , but i have no choice . 
 everybody else 'll be using their trees tonight , and tomorrow . '' 
 `` you 're serious , are n't you ? '' 
 `` dead serious . 
 come on , wes . '' 
 wes pulled a key ring from his pocket and removed the ones to the garage door and the house . 
 `` do n't tell trish , '' he said . 
 `` i swear i wo n't . '' 
 `` and if you break an ornament then we 're both dead . '' 
 `` shell never know it , wes , i promise . '' 
 `` this is funny , you know . '' 
 `` why am i not laughing ? '' 
 they shook hands , and luther hurried back to his house . 
 he 'd almost made it when spike frohmeyer wheeled into his driveway on his bike . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` i beg your pardon , '' luther said . 
 `` you and mr. trogdon . '' 
 `` why do n't you mind your own - `` luther caught himself , and saw opportunity . 
 he needed allies at the moment , not enemies , and spike was just the type . 
 `` hey , spike buddy , '' he said warmly , `` i need a little help . '' 
 `` what 's the deal ? '' 
 `` the trogdons are leaving home for a week , and i 'm going to keep their tree for them . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` trees catch on fire a lot , especially ones loaded with lights . 
 mr. trogdon is worried about the tree getting too hot , so i 'm going to move it over to my house for a few days . '' 
 `` just turn the lights off . '' 
 `` still got all those wires and stuff . 
 it 's pretty dangerous . 
 think you could give me a hand ? 
 i 'll pay you forty bucks . '' 
 `` forty bucks ! 
 you got ta deal . '' 
 `` we need a small wagon . '' 
 `` i 'll borrow clem 's . '' 
 `` hurry . 
 and do n't tell anybody . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` it 's part of the deal , okay ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 whatever . '' 
 spike sped away , off on a mission . 
 luther took a deep breath and gazed up and down hemlock . 
 eyes were watching him , he felt sure , the way they 'd been peeking at him for weeks now . 
 how did he become such a villain in his own neighborhood ? 
 why was it so hard to dance to his own beat once in a great while ? 
 to do something no one had dared ? 
 why all this resentment from people he 'd known and liked for years ? 
 his second call was to the albrittons , old friends from church who lived an hour away . 
 luther spilled his guts , and by the time he finished riley albritton was roaring with laughter . 
 `` it 's luther , '' riley said to someone in the background , probably doris . 
 `` blair just called . 
 she 'll be home tonight . '' 
 and with that , doris or whoever it was broke into hysterics . 
 luther wished he had n't called . 
 `` help me out here , riley , '' he pleaded . 
 `` can you guys stop by ? '' 
 `` sorry , bud . 
 we 're going to the macilvaines for dinner . 
 they invited us a bit earlier , you know . '' 
 `` all right , '' luther said and hung up . 
 the phone rang immediately . 
 it was nora , her voice as edgy as luther 'd ever heard it . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` well , i 'm in the kitchen . 
 where are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm sitting in traffic on broad , near the mall . '' 
 `` why are you going to the mall ? '' 
 `` because i could n't park at the district , could n't even get in off the street . 
 i 've bought nothing . 
 do you have a tree ? '' 
 `` yes , a real beauty . '' 
 `` are you decorating it ? '' 
 `` yes , i have perry como crooning ` jingle bells ' in the background while i 'm sipping eggnog and trimming our tree . 
 wish you were here ? '' 
 `` have you called anyone ? '' 
 `` yes , the lairds and albrittons , neither can make it . '' 
 `` i 've called the pinkertons , harts , malones , and burklands . 
 they 're all busy . 
 pete hart laughed at me , the bore . '' 
 `` i 'll beat him up for you . '' 
 spike was knocking on the door . 
 `` i got ta get busy . '' 
 `` i guess you 'd better start calling the neighbors , '' she said , her hyper voice faltering . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` to invite them . '' 
 `` not in a million years , nora . 
 i 'm hanging up now . '' 
 `` no word from blair . '' 
 `` she 's on an airplane , nora . 
 call me later . '' 
 spike 's borrowed wagon was a red radio flyer that had seen its better years . 
 with one look , luther deemed it too small and too old , but they had no choice . 
 `` i 'll go over first , '' he explained , as if he knew exactly what he was doing . 
 `` wait five minutes , then bring the wagon over . 
 do n't let anyone see you , okay ? '' 
 `` where 's my forty bucks ? '' 
 luther handed him a twenty . 
 `` half now , half when the job is done . '' 
 he entered the trogdon home through the side door of the garage , and felt like a burglar for the first time in memory . 
 when he opened the door to the house , an alarm beeped for a few seconds , very long seconds in which luther 's heart froze and his entire life and career flashed before him . 
 caught , arrested , convicted , his license revoked , banished by wiley beck , disgraced . 
 then it stopped , and he waited another few seconds before he could breathe . 
 a panel by the rear door said things were clear . 
 what a mess . 
 the house was a landfill with debris strewn everywhere , clear evidence of another successful visit by ole st. nick . 
 trish trogdon would choke her husband if she knew he 'd given luther the keys . 
 in the living room , he stopped and stared at the tree . 
 it was well known on hemlock that the trogdons took little care in decorating their tree . 
 they allowed their children to hang anything they could find . 
 there were a million lights , strands of mismatched garlands , tacky ornaments by the boxload , red and green icicles , even strings of popcorn . 
 nora will kill me , luther thought , but he had no choice . 
 the plan was so simple it had to work . 
 he and spike would remove the breakable ornaments , and the garlands , and for sure the popcorn , lay them all on the sofa and chairs , ease the tree out of the house with lights intact , haul it over to luther 's , and dress it with real decorations . 
 then , at some point in the near future , luther and perhaps spike would strip it again , haul it across the street , put the trogdon junk back on it , and everybody would be happy . 
 he dropped the first ornament and it shattered into a dozen pieces . 
 spike showed up . 
 `` do n't break anything , '' luther said , as he cleaned up the ornament . 
 `` are we getting in trouble for this ? '' 
 spike asked . 
 `` of course not . 
 now get to work . 
 and fast . '' 
 twenty minutes later the tree was stripped of anything breakable . 
 luther found a dirty towel in the laundry , and lying flat on his stomach , under the tree , he managed to work the metal tree stand onto the towel . 
 spike leaned in above him , gently shoving the tree to one side , then the other . 
 on hands and knees , luther managed to slide the tree toward spike , across the wood floor , across the tile of the kitchen , down the narrow hall to the laundry , where the branches scraped the walls and dead spruce needles trailed behind `` you 're making a mess , '' spike said , helpfully . 
 `` i 'll clean it later , '' said luther , who was sweating like a sprinter . 
 the tree , of course , was wider than the door to the garage , as all trees are . 
 spike pulled the wagon close . 
 luther grabbed the trunk of the tree , lifted it with a strain , swung , the bottom through the door and pulled the whole thing through . 
 when it was sitting safely in the garage , luther caught his breath , hit the garage door opener , and managed a smile at spike . 
 `` why are you so brown ? '' 
 the kid asked . 
 the smile vanished as luther was reminded of the cruise he would n't be taking . 
 he looked at his watch-twelve-forty . 
 twelve-forty and not a single guest for the party , no food , no frosty , no lights strung anywhere , no tree , as yet , but one on the way . 
 it seemed hopeless at that moment . 
 you ca n't quit , old boy . 
 luther strained again and lifted the tree up . 
 spike shoved the wagon under , and of course the metal tree stand was wider than the radio flyer . 
 luther got it balanced , though , and watched it for a moment . 
 `` you sit here , '' he said , pointing to a tiny spot in the wagon and under the tree . 
 `` keep it from tipping over . 
 i 'll push . '' 
 `` you think this 'll work ? '' 
 spike said , with great suspicion . 
 across the street , ned becker had been minding his own business when he saw the tree disappear from the trogdons ' front window . 
 five minutes passed , and the tree reappeared in the open garage , where a man and a kid were wrestling with it . 
 he looked harder , and recognized luther krank . 
 watching every move , he called walt scheel on a portable phone . 
 `` hey , walt , ned here . '' 
 `` merry christmas , ned . '' 
 `` merry christmas , walt . 
 say , i 'm watching the trogdons ' house , and it appears as if krank has lost his mind . '' 
 `` how 's that ? '' 
 `` he 's stealing their christmas tree . '' 
 luther and spike began their way down the trogdon driveway , which had a slight decline to the street . 
 luther was behind the wagon , hanging on , letting it roll slightly . 
 spike clutched the trunk of the tree , terrified . 
 scheel peeked out his front door , and when he saw the theft with his own eyes , he punched the number for the police . 
 the desk sergeant answered . 
 `` yes , this is walt scheel , fourteen eighty-one hemlock . 
 there 's a burglary under way , right now . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` right here . 
 at fourteen eighty-three hemlock . 
 i 'm watching it in progress . 
 hurry . '' 
 trogdon 's tree made it across hemlock to the other side , right in front of the becker house , where now in the front window ned , his wife , jude , and his mother-in-law were watching . 
 luther negotiated a right turn with the handle , and began pulling the wagon toward his house . 
 he wanted to sprint before anyone saw him , but spike kept telling him to take it slow . 
 luther was afraid to look around , and he did n't believe for a second that he was going unnoticed . 
 when he was almost to his driveway , spike said , `` cops . '' 
 luther wheeled around just as the patrol car slowed to a stop in the middle of the street , lights flashing but no siren . 
 two officers jumped out as if it were a swat mission , luther recognized salino with the large stomach , then young treen with the thick neck . 
 the same two who 'd stopped by hawking calendars for the police benevolent association . 
 `` hello , mr. krank , '' salino said with a smirk . 
 `` where you going with that ? '' 
 asked treen . 
 `` to my house , '' luther said , pointing . 
 he 'd come so close . 
 `` maybe you 'd better explain , '' said salino . 
 `` yeah , well , wes trogdon over there let me borrow his christmas tree . 
 he left town an hour ago , and me and spike here were just moving it . '' 
 `` spike ? '' 
 luther turned and looked behind him , down at the wagon , at the narrow gap where spike had been . 
 spike was gone , nowhere to be seen on hemlock . 
 `` yeah , a kid down the street . '' 
 walt scheel had a seat on the fifty-yard line . 
 bev was resting , or trying to . 
 his laughter got so loud that she came to see what was the matter . 
 `` pull up a chair , honey , they 've caught krank stealing a tree . '' 
 the beckers were howling too . 
 `` we got a report that a burglary was in progress , '' said treen . 
 `` there 's no burglary . 
 who called ? '' 
 `` a mr. scheel . 
 whose wagon is this ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 spike 's . '' 
 `` so you stole the wagon too , '' said treen . 
 `` i 've stolen nothing . '' 
 `` you have to admit , mr. krank , it looks very suspicious , salino said . 
 yes , under normal circumstances , luther might be forced to say that the entire scene was a bit unusual . 
 but blair was getting closer by the minute , and there was no time to back down . 
 `` not at all , sir . 
 i borrow trogdon 's tree all the time . '' 
 `` we 'd better take you in for questioning , '' treen said , and unsnapped a pair of handcuffs from his belt . 
 the sight of the silver cuffs sent walt scheel to the floor . 
 the beckers were having trouble breathing . 
 and luther went weak at the knees . 
 `` come on , you ca n't be serious . '' 
 `` get in the backseat . '' 
 luther sat low in the back , thinking of suicide for the first time in his life . 
 the two cops in the front seat were chatting on the radio , something about finding the owner of the stolen property . 
 their lights were still swirling , and luther wanted to say so much . 
 let me go ! 
 i 'll sue ! 
 turn off the damned lights ! 
 next year i 'll buy ten calendars ! 
 just go ahead and shoot me ! 
 if nora came home now , she 'd file for divorce . 
 the kirby twins were eight-year-old delinquents from the far end of hemlock , and for some reason they happened by . 
 they walked close to the car , close to the rear window , and made direct eye contact with luther , who squirmed even lower . 
 then the bellington brat joined them and all three peered in at luther as if he 'd killed their mothers . 
 spike came running , followed by vic frohmeyer . 
 the officers got out and had a word with him , then treen shooed the kids away and released luther from the backseat . 
 `` he 's got keys , '' vic was saying , and luther then remembered that he did indeed have the keys to trogdon 's . 
 what a moron ! 
 `` i know both these men , '' frohmeyer continued . 
 `` this is no burglary . '' 
 the cops whispered for a moment as luther tried to ignore the stares from vic and spike . 
 he glanced around , half-expecting to see nora wheel into the drive and have a stroke . 
 `` what about the tree ? '' 
 salino asked vic . 
 `` if he says trogdon loaned it to him , then that 's the truth . '' 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure . '' 
 `` okay , okay , salino said , still sneering at luther as if he 'd never seen a guiltier criminal . 
 they slowly got in the car and drove away . 
 `` thanks , '' luther said . 
 `` what 're you doing , luther ? '' 
 vic asked . 
 `` i 'm borrowing their tree . 
 spike 's helping me move it . 
 let 's go , spike . '' 
 without further interruption , luther and spike rolled the tree up the driveway , into the garage , and grappled with it until it was sitting rather nicely in the front window . 
 along the way they left a trail of dead needles , red and green icicles , and some popcorn . 
 `` i 'll vacuum later , '' luther said . 
 `` let 's check the lights . '' 
 the phone rang . 
 it was nora , more panicked than before . 
 `` i ca n't find a thing , luther . 
 no turkey , no ham , no chocolates , nothing . 
 and i ca n't find a nice gift either . '' 
 `` gifts ? 
 why are you shopping for gifts ? '' 
 `` it 's christmas , luther . 
 have you called the yarbers and friskis ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he lied . 
 `` their lines were busy . '' 
 `` keep calling , luther , because no one is coming . 
 i 've tried the mcteers , morrises , and warners , they 're all busy . 
 how 's the tree ? '' 
 `` coming along . '' 
 `` i 'll call later . '' 
 spike plugged in the lights and the tree came to life . 
 they attacked the nine boxes of decorations without a care as to what went where . 
 spike was on the ladder , leaning precariously into the tree with a crystal angel in one hand and a fuzzy reindeer in the other , when luther heard a car in the drive . 
 he glanced out the window and saw nora 's audi sliding into the garage . 
 `` it 's nora , '' he said . 
 quick thinking led him to believe that spike 's complicity in the tree should be kept a secret . 
 `` spike , you need to leave , and now , '' he said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` job 's over , son , here 's the other twenty . 
 thanks a million . '' 
 he helped the kid down from the ladder , handed over the cash , and led him to the front door . 
 when nora stepped into the kitchen , spike eased onto the front steps and disappeared . 
 `` unload the car , '' she commanded . 
 her nerves were shot and she was ready to snap . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 he asked , and immediately wished he 'd said nothing . 
 it was quite obvious what was the matter . 
 she rolled her eyes and started to snap , then gritted her teeth and repeated , `` unload the car . '' 
 luther high-stepped toward the door and was almost outside when he heard , `` what an ugly tree ! '' 
 he spun , ready for war , and said , `` take it or leave it . '' 
 `` red lights ? '' 
 she said , her voice incredulous . 
 trogdon had used a strand of red lights , one solitary string of them , and had wrapped them tightly around the trunk of the tree . 
 luther had toyed with the idea of pulling them off , but it would 've taken an hour . 
 instead , he and spike had tried to hide them with ornaments . 
 nora , of course , had spotted them from the kitchen . 
 now she had her nose in the tree . 
 `` red lights ? 
 we 've never used red lights . '' 
 `` they were in the box , '' luther lied . 
 he did not enjoy lying , but he knew it would be standard behavior for the next day or so . 
 `` which box ? '' 
 `` what do you mean , ` which box ? ' 
 i 've been throwing stuff on the tree as fast as i can open boxes , nora . 
 now 's not the time to get touchy about the tree . 
 `` green icicles ? '' 
 she said , picking one off the tree . 
 `` where 'd you find this tree ? '' 
 `` i bought the last one from the boy scouts . '' 
 a sidestep , not a direct lie . 
 she looked around the room , at the strewn and empty boxes , and decided there were more important things to worry about . 
 `` besides , '' luther said , unwisely , `` at the rate we 're going , who 's gon na see it ? '' 
 `` shut up and unload the car . '' 
 there were four bags of food from a store luther 'd never heard of , three shopping bags with handles from a clothing store in the mail , a case of soft drinks , a case of bottled water , and a bouquet of dreadful flowers from a florist known for his outrageous prices . 
 luther 's accountant 's brain wanted to tally up the damage , but he thought better of it . 
 how would he explain this around the office ? 
 all the money he 'd saved now up in smoke . 
 plus , the cruise he did n't take getting wasted because he 'd declined to purchase travel insurance . 
 luther was in the middle of a financial disaster and could n't do a thing to stop the bleeding . 
 `` did you get the yarbers and the friskis ? '' 
 nora asked at the phone , the receiver stuck to her head . 
 `` yes , they ca n't come . '' 
 `` unpack those grocery bags , '' she demanded , then said into the phone , `` sue , it 's nora . 
 merry christmas . 
 look , we 've just had a big surprise over here . 
 blair 's coming home with her fiance , be here tonight , and we 're running around like crazy trying to put together a last-minute party . '' 
 pause . 
 `` peru , thought we would n't see her till next christmas . '' 
 pause . 
 `` yes , quite a surprise . '' 
 pause . 
 `` yes , fiance . '' 
 pause . 
 `` he 's a doctor . '' 
 pause . 
 `` he 's from down there somewhere , peru i think , she just met him a few weeks ago and now they 're getting married , so needless to say we 're in shock . 
 so tonight . '' 
 pause . 
 luther removed eight pounds of smoked oregon trout , all packed in airtight thick cellophane wrappers , the type that gave the impression the fish had been caught years ago . 
 `` sounds like a nice party , '' nora was saying . 
 `` sorry you ca n't make it . 
 yes , i 'll give a hug to blair . 
 merry christmas , sue . '' 
 she hung up and took a deep breath . 
 with the worst possible timing luther said , `` smoked trout ? '' 
 `` either that or frozen pizza , '' she fired back with glowing eyes and clenched fists . 
 `` there 's not a turkey or a ham left in the stores , and , even if i found one , there 's not enough time to cook it . 
 so , yes , luther , mr. beach bum , we 're having smoked trout for christmas . '' 
 the phone rang and nora snatched it . 
 `` hello , yes , emily , how are you ? 
 thanks for returning my call . '' 
 luther could n't think of a single person named emily . 
 he pulled out a three-pound block of cheddar cheese , a large wedge of swiss , boxes of crackers , clam dip , and three two-day-old chocolate pies from a bakery nora had always avoided . 
 she was rattling on about their last-minute party , when suddenly she said , `` you can come ! 
 that 's wonderful . 
 around sevenish , casual , sort of a come-and-go . '' 
 pause . 
 `` your parents ? 
 sure they can come , the more the merrier . 
 great , emily . 
 see you in a bit . '' 
 she hung up without a smile . 
 `` emily who ? '' 
 `` emily underwood . '' 
 luther dropped a box of crackers . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 she was suddenly interested in unpacking the last bag of groceries . 
 `` you did n't , nora , '' he said . 
 `` tell me you did n't invite mitch underwood . 
 not here , not to our house . 
 you did n't , nora , please say you did n't . '' 
 `` we 're desperate . '' 
 `` not that desperate . '' 
 `` i like emily . '' 
 `` she 's a witch and you know it . 
 you like her ? 
 when 's the last time you had lunch with her , or breakfast or coffee or anything ? '' 
 `` we need bodies , luther . '' 
 `` mitch the mouth is not a body , he 's a windbag . 
 a thundering load of hot air . 
 people hide from the underwoods , nora . 
 why ? '' 
 `` they 're coming . 
 be thankful . '' 
 `` they 're coming because nobody in their right mind would invite them to a social occasion . 
 they 're always free . '' 
 `` hand me that cheese . '' 
 `` this is a joke , right ? '' 
 `` he 'll be good with enrique . '' 
 `` enrique 'll never again set foot in the united states after underwood gets through with him . 
 he hates everything-the city , the state , democrats , republicans , independents , clean air , you name it . 
 he 's the biggest bore in the world . 
 he 'll get half-drunk and you can hear him two blocks over . '' 
 `` settle down , luther . 
 it 's done . 
 speaking of drinking , i did n't have time to get the wine . 
 you 'll have to go . '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving the safety of my home . '' 
 `` yes , you are . 
 i did n't see frosty . '' 
 `` i 'm not doing frosty . 
 i 've made up my mind . '' 
 `` yes , you are . '' 
 the phone rang again , and nora grabbed it . 
 `` who could this be ? '' 
 luther muttered to himself . 
 `` ca n't get any worse . '' 
 `` blair , '' nora said . 
 `` hello , dear . '' 
 `` gim me the phone , '' luther kept muttering . 
 `` i 'll send 'em back to peru . '' 
 `` you 're in atlanta-great , '' nora said . 
 pause , `` we 're just cooking away , dear , getting ready for the party . '' 
 pause . 
 `` we 're excited too , dear , ca n't wait . '' 
 pause . 
 `` of course i 'm making a caramel cream pie , your favorite . '' 
 she shot luther a look of horror . 
 `` yes , honey , we 'll be at the airport at six . 
 love you . '' 
 luther glanced at his watch . 
 three o'clock . 
 she hung up and said , `` i need two pounds of caramel and a jar of marshmallow cream . '' 
 `` i 'll finish the tree-it still needs more ornaments , '' luther said , `` i 'm not fighting the mobs . '' 
 nora chewed a fingernail for a second and assessed things . 
 this meant a plan was coming , probably one with a lot of detail . 
 `` let 's do this , '' she began . 
 `` let 's finish decorating by four . 
 how long will frosty take ? '' 
 `` three days . '' 
 `` at four , i 'll make the final run to town , and you get frosty up on the roof . 
 meanwhile , we 'll go through the phone book and call everybody we 've ever met . '' 
 `` do n't tell anyone underwood 's coming . '' 
 `` hush , luther ! '' 
 `` smoked trout with mitch underwood . 
 that 'll be the hottest ticket in town . '' 
 nora put on a sinatra christmas cd , and for twenty minutes luther flung more ornaments on trogdon 's tree while nora set out candles and ceramic santas and decorated the fireplace mantel with plastic holly and mistletoe . 
 they said nothing to each other for a long time , then nora broke the ice with more instructions . 
 `` these boxes can go back to the attic . '' 
 of all the things luther hated about christmas , perhaps the most dreaded chore was hauling boxes up and down the retractable stairs of the attic . 
 up the staircase to the second floor , then wedge into the narrow hallway between two bedrooms , then readjust positions so that the box , which was inevitably too big , could be shoved up the flimsy ladder through the opening to the attic . 
 coming down or going up , it did n't matter . 
 it was a miracle he 'd avoided serious injury over the years . 
 `` and after that , start bringing frosty up , '' she barked like an admiral . 
 she leaned hard on reverend zabriskie , and he finally said he could stop by for half an hour . 
 luther , at gunpoint , called his secretary , dox , and twisted her arm until she agreed to stop by for a few minutes . 
 dox had been married three times , was currently unmarried but always had a boyfriend of some variety . 
 the two of them , plus reverend and mrs. zabriskie , plus the underwood group , totaled an optimistic eight , if they all converged at the same time . 
 twelve altogether with the kranks and blair and enrique . 
 twelve almost made nora cry again . 
 twelve would seem like three in their living room on christmas eve . 
 just minutes after nora left , the phone rang , luther grabbed it . 
 maybe it was blair again . 
 he 'd tell her the truth . 
 he 'd give her a piece of his mind about how thoughtless this last-minute surprise was , how selfish . 
 she 'd get her feelings hurt , but she 'd get over it . 
 with a wedding on the way , she 'd need them more than ever . 
 `` hello , '' he snapped . 
 `` luther , it 's mitch underwood , '' came a booming voice , the sound of which made luther want to stick his head in the oven . 
 `` hi , mitch . '' 
 `` merry christmas to you . 
 hey , look , thanks for the invite and all , but we just ca n't squeeze you guys in . 
 lots of invitations , you know . '' 
 oh yes , the underwoods were on everyone 's a list . 
 folks clamored for mitch 's insufferable tirades on property taxes and city zoning . 
 `` gee , i 'm real sorry , mitch , '' luther said . 
 `` maybe next year . '' 
 `` sure , give us a call . '' 
 `` merry christmas , mitch . '' 
 the gathering of twelve was now down to eight , with more defections on the way . 
 before luther could take a step , the phone was ringing again . 
 `` mr. krank , it 's me , dox , '' came a struggling voice . 
 `` hello , dox . '' 
 `` sorry about your cruise and all . '' 
 `` you 've already said that . '' 
 `` yes , look , something 's come up . 
 this guy i 'm seeing was gon na surprise me with dinner at tanner hall . 
 champagne , caviar , the works . 
 he made a reservation a month ago . 
 i really ca n't say no to him . '' 
 `` of course you ca n't , dox . '' 
 `` he 's hiring a limo , everything . 
 he 's a real sweetheart . '' 
 `` sure he is , dox . '' 
 `` we just ca n't make it to your place , but i 'd love to see blair . '' 
 blair 'd been gone a month . 
 dox had n't seen her in two years . 
 `` i 'll tell her . '' 
 `` sorry , mr. krank . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 down to six . 
 three kranks plus enrique , and the reverend and mrs. zabriskie . 
 he almost called nora to break the bad news , but why bother ? 
 poor thing was out there beating her brains out . 
 why make her cry ? 
 why give her another reason to bark at him for his grand idea gone bad ? 
 luther was closer to the cognac than he wanted to admit . 
 spike frohmeyer reported all he 'd seen and heard . 
 with forty bucks in his pocket and a fading vow of silence floating around out there , he was at first hesitant to talk . 
 but then no one kept quiet on hemlock . 
 after a couple of prodding volleys from his father , vic , he unloaded everything . 
 he reported how he 'd been paid to help take the tree from the trogdons ' ; how he 'd helped mr. krank set it up in his living room , then practically thrown on ornaments and lights ; how mr. krank had kept sneaking to the telephone and calling people ; how he 'd heard just enough to know that the kranks were planning a last-minute party for christmas eve , but nobody wanted to come . 
 he could n't determine the reason for the party , or why it was being put together so hastily , primarily because mr. krank used the phone in the kitchen and kept his voice low . 
 mrs. krank was running errands and calling every ten minutes . 
 things were very tense down at the kranks , according to spike . 
 vic called ned becker , who 'd been alerted by walt scheel , and soon the three of them were on a conference call , with walt and ned maintaining visual contact with the krank home . 
 `` she just left again , in a hurry , '' reported walt . 
 `` i 've never seen nora speed away so fast . '' 
 `` where 's luther ? '' 
 asked frohmeyer . 
 `` still inside , '' answered walt . 
 `` looks like they 've finished with the tree . 
 got ta say , i liked it better at the trogdons ' . '' 
 `` something 's going on , '' said ned becker . 
 nora had a case of wine in her shopping cart , six bottles of red and six bottles of white , though she was n't sure why she was buying so much . 
 who , exactly , was going to drink it all ? 
 perhaps she would . 
 she 'd picked out the expensive stuff too . 
 she wanted luther to burn when he got the bill . 
 all this money they were going to save at christmas , and look at the mess they were in . 
 a clerk in the front of the wine shop was pulling , the blinds and locking the door . 
 the lone cashier was hustling the last customers through the line . 
 three people were ahead of nora , one behind . 
 her cell phone rang in her coat pocket . 
 `` hello , '' she half-whispered . 
 `` nora , doug zabriskie . '' 
 `` hello , father , '' she said , and began to go limp . 
 his voice betrayed him . 
 `` we 're having a bit of a problem over here , '' he began sadly . 
 `` typical christmas eve chaos , you know , everybody running in different directions . 
 and beth 's aunt from toledo just dropped in , quite unexpected , and made things worse . 
 i 'm afraid it will be impossible to stop by and see blair tonight . '' 
 he sounded as if he had n't seen blair in years . 
 `` that 's too bad , '' nora managed to say with just a trace of compassion . 
 she wanted to curse and cry at the same time . 
 `` we 'll do it another time . '' 
 `` no problem , then ? '' 
 `` not at all , father . '' 
 they signed off with merry christmases and such , and nora bit her quivering lip . 
 she paid for the wine , then hauled it half a mile to her car , grumbling about her husband every heavy step of the way . 
 she hiked to a kroger , fought her way through a mob in the entrance , and trudged down the aisles in search of caramels . 
 she called luther , and no one answered . 
 he 'd better be up on the roof . 
 they met in front of the peanut butter , both seeing each other at the same time . 
 she recognized the shock of red hair , the orange-and-gray beard , and the little , black , round eyeglasses , but she could n't think of his name . 
 he , however , said , `` merry christmas , nora , '' immediately . 
 `` and merry christmas to you , '' she said with a quick , warm smile . 
 something bad had happened to his wife , either she 'd died from some disease or taken off with a younger man . 
 they 'd met a few years earlier at a ball , black tie , she thought . 
 later , she 'd heard about his wife . 
 what was his name ? 
 maybe he worked at the university . 
 he was well dressed , in a cardigan under a handsome trench coat . 
 `` why are you out running around ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he was carrying a basket with nothing in it . 
 `` oh , last-minute stuff , you know . 
 and you ? '' 
 she got the impression he was doing nothing at all , that he was out with the hordes just for the sake of being there , that he was probably lonely . 
 what in the world happened to his wife ? 
 no wedding band visible . 
 `` picking up a few things . 
 big meal tomorrow , huh ? '' 
 he asked , glancing at the peanut butter . 
 `` tonight , actually . 
 our daughter 's coming in from south america , and we 're putting together a quick little party . '' 
 `` blair ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he knew blair ! 
 jumping off a cliff , nora instinctively said , `` why do n't you stop by ? '' 
 `` you mean that ? '' 
 `` oh sure , it 's a come-and-go . 
 lots of folks , lots of good food . '' 
 she thought of the smoked trout and wanted to gag . 
 surely his name would come back in flash . 
 `` what time ? '' 
 he asked , visibly delighted . 
 `` earlier the better , say about seven . '' 
 he glanced at his watch . 
 `` just about two hours . '' 
 two hours ! 
 nora had a watch , but from someone else the time sounded so awful . 
 two hours ! 
 `` oh well , got ta run , '' she said . 
 `` you 're on hemlock , '' he said . 
 `` yes . 
 fourteen seventy-eight . '' 
 who was this man ? 
 she scampered away , practically praying that his name would come roaring back from somewhere . 
 she found the caramels , the marshmallow cream , and the pie shells . 
 he waited as long as he could , though he had not a second to spare . 
 darkness would hit fast at five-thirty , and in the frenzy of the moment luther had tucked away somewhere the crazy notion of hanging ole frosty under the cover of darkness . 
 it would n't work , and he knew it , but rational thought was hard to grasp and hold . 
 he spent a few moments planning the project . 
 an attack from the rear of the house was mandatory-no way would he allow walt scheel or vic frohmeyer or anybody else to see him in action . 
 luther wrestled frosty out of the basement without injuring either one of them , but he was cursing vigorously by the time they made it to the patio . 
 he hauled the ladder from the storage shed in the backyard . 
 so far he had not been seen , or at least he did n't think so . 
 the roof was slightly wet with a patch of ice or two . 
 and it was much colder up there . 
 with a quarter-inch nylon rope tied around his waist , luther crawled upward , catlike and terrified , over the asphalt shingles until he reached the summit . 
 he peeked over the crown of the roof and peered below-the scheels were directly in front of him , way down there . 
 he looped the rope around the chimney , then inched back down , backward , until he hit a patch of ice and slid for two feet . 
 catching himself , he paused and allowed his heart to start working again . 
 he looked down in terror . 
 if by some tragedy he fell , he 'd free-fall for a very brief flight , then land among the metal patio furniture sitting on hard brick . 
 death would not be instant , no sir . 
 he 'd suffer , and if he did n't die he 'd have a broken neck or maybe brain damage . 
 how utterly ridiculous . 
 a fifty-four-year-old man playing games like this . 
 the most horrifying trick of all was to remount the ladder from above , which he managed to do by digging his fingernails into the shingles while dangling one foot at a time over the gutter . 
 back on the ground , he took a deep breath and congratulated himself for surviving the first trip to the top and back . 
 there were four parts to frosty-a wide , round base , then a snowball , then the trunk with one arm waving and one hand on hip , then the head with his smiling face , corncob pipe , and black top hat . 
 luther grumbled as he put the damned thing together , snapping one plastic section into another . 
 he screwed the lightbulb into the midsection , plugged in the eighty-foot extension cord , hooked the nylon rope around frosty 's waist , and maneuvered him into position for the ride up . 
 it was a quarter to five . 
 his daughter and her brand-new fiance would land in an hour and fifteen minutes . 
 the drive to the airport took twenty minutes , plus more for parking , shuttling , walking , pushing , shoving . 
 luther wanted to give up and start drinking . 
 but he pulled the rope tight around the chimney , and frosty started up . 
 luther climbed with him , up the ladder , worked him over the gutter and onto the shingles . 
 luther would pull , frosty would move a little . 
 he was no more than forty pounds of hard plastic but soon felt much heavier . 
 slowly , they made their way up , side by side , luther on all fours , frosty inching along on his back . 
 just a hint of darkness , but no real relief from the skies . 
 once the little team reached the crown , luther would be exposed . 
 he 'd be forced to stand while he grappled with his snowman and attached him to the front of the chimney , and once in place , illuminated with the two-hundred-watt , old frosty would join his forty-one companions and all of hemlock would know that luther had caved . 
 so he paused for a moment , just below the summit , and tried to tell himself that he did n't care what his neighbors thought or said . 
 he clutched the rope that held frosty , rested on his back and looked at the clouds above him , and realized he was sweating and freezing . 
 they would laugh , and snicker , and tell luther 's story for years to come , and he 'd be the butt of the jokes , but what did it really matter ? 
 blair would be happy . 
 enrique would see a real american christmas . 
 nora would hopefully be placated . 
 then he thought of the island princess casting off tomorrow from miami , minus two passengers , headed for the beaches and the islands luther had been lusting for . 
 he felt like throwing up . 
 walt scheel had been in the kitchen , where bev was finishing a pie , and , out of habit now , he walked to his front window to observe the krank house . 
 nothing , at first , then he froze . 
 peeking over the roof , next to the chimney , was luther , then slowly walt saw frosty 's black hat , then his face . 
 `` bev ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 luther dragged himself up , looked around quickly as if he were a burglar , braced himself on the chimney , then began tugging on frosty . 
 `` you must be kidding , '' bev said , wiping her hands on a dish towel . 
 walt was laughing too hard to say anything . 
 he grabbed the phone to call frohmeyer and becker . 
 when frosty was in full view , luther carefully swung him around to the front of the chimney , to the spot where he wanted him to stand . 
 his plan was to somehow hold him there for a second , while he wrapped a two-inch-wide canvas band around his rather large midsection and secured it firmly around the chimney . 
 just like last year . 
 it had worked fine then . 
 vic frohmeyer ran to his basement , where his children were watching a christmas movie . 
 `` mr. krank 's putting up his frosty . 
 you guys go watch , but stay on the sidewalk . '' 
 the basement emptied . 
 there was a patch of ice on the front side of the roof , just inches from the chimney and virtually invisible to luther . 
 with frosty in place but not attached , and while luther was struggling to remove the nylon rope and pull tight the electrical cord and secure the canvas band around the chimney , and just as he was to make perhaps the most dangerous move of the entire operation , he heard voices below . 
 and when he turned to see who was watching he inadvertently stepped on the patch of ice just below the crown , and everything fell at once . 
 frosty tipped over and was gone , careening dawn the front of the roof with nothing to hold him back-no ropes , cords , bands , nothing . 
 luther was right behind him , but , fortunately , luther had managed to entangle himself with everything . 
 sliding headfirst down the steep roof , and yelling loud enough for walt and bev to hear indoors , luther sped like an avalanche toward certain death . 
 later , he would recall , to himself of course , that he clearly remembered the fall . 
 evidently , there was more ice on the front of the roof than on the rear , and once he found it he felt like a hockey puck . 
 he well remembered flying off the roof , headfirst , with the concrete driveway awaiting him . 
 and he remembered hearing but not seeing frosty crash somewhere nearby . 
 then the sharp pain as his fall was stopped-pain around the ankles as the rope and extension cord abruptly ran out of slack , jerking poor luther like a bullwhip , but no doubt saving his life . 
 watching luther shoot down the roof on his stomach , seemingly in pursuit of his bouncing frosty , was more than walt scheel could stand . 
 he ached with laughter until he bent at the waist . 
 bev watched in horror . 
 `` shut up , walt ! '' 
 she yelled , then , `` do something ! '' 
 as luther was hanging and spinning well above the concrete , his feet not far from the gutter . 
 luther swung and spun helplessly above his driveway . 
 after a few turns the cord and rope were tightly braided together , and the spinning stopped . 
 he felt sick and closed his eyes for a second . 
 how do you vomit when you 're upside down ? 
 wall punched 911 . 
 he reported that a man had been injured and might even be dying on hemlock , so send the rescue people immediately . 
 then he ran out of his house and across the street where the frohmeyer children were gathering under luther . 
 vic frohmeyer was running from two houses down , and the entire becker clan from next door was spilling out of their house . 
 `` poor frosty , '' luther heard one of the children say . 
 poor frosty , my ass , he wanted say . 
 the nylon rope was cutting into the flesh around his ankles . 
 he was afraid to move because the rope seemed to give just a little . 
 he was still eight feet above the ground , and a fall would be disastrous . 
 inverted , luther tried to breathe and collect his wits . 
 he heard frohmeyer 's big mouth . 
 would somebody please shoot me ? 
 `` luther , you okay ? '' 
 asked frohmeyer . 
 `` swell , vic , thanks , and you ? '' 
 luther began rotating again , slightly , turning very slowly in the wind . 
 soon , he pivoted back toward the street , and came face to face with his neighbors , the last people he wanted to see . 
 `` get a ladder , '' someone said . 
 `` is that an electrical cord around his feet ? '' 
 asked someone else . 
 `` where is the rope attached ? '' 
 asked another . 
 all the voices were familiar , but luther could n't distinguish them . 
 `` i called nine-one-one , '' he heard walt scheel say . 
 `` thanks , walt , '' luther said loudly , in the direction of the crowd . 
 but he was revolving back toward the house . 
 `` i think frosty 's dead , '' one teenager mumbled to another . 
 hanging there , waiting for death , waiting for the rope to slip then give completely and send him crashing down , luther hated christmas with a renewed passion . 
 look what christmas was doing to him . 
 all because of christmas . 
 and he hated his neighbors too , all of them , young and old . 
 they were gathering in his driveway by the dozens now , he could hear them coming , and as he rotated slowly he could glimpse them running down the street to see this sight . 
 the cord and the rope popped somewhere above him , then gave , and luther fell another six inches before he was jerked to another stop . 
 the crowd gasped ; no doubt , some of them wanted to cheer . 
 frohmeyer was barking orders as if he handled these situations every day . 
 two ladders arrived and one was placed on each side of lather . 
 ned becker yelled from the back patio that he 'd found what was holding the electrical cord and the nylon rope , and , in his very experienced opinion , it would n't hold much longer . 
 `` did you plug in the extension cord ? '' 
 frohmeyer asked . 
 `` no , '' answered luther . 
 `` we 're gon na get you down , okay ? '' 
 `` yes , please . '' 
 frohmeyer was climbing one ladder , ned becker the other . 
 luther was aware that swade kerr was down there , as were ralph brixley and john galdy , and some of the older boys on the street . 
 my life is in their hands , luther said to himself , and closed his eyes . 
 he weighed one seventy-four , down eleven for the cruise , and he was quite concerned with how , exactly , they planned to untangle him , then lower him to the ground . 
 his rescuers were middle-aged men who , if they broke a sweat , did so on the golf course . 
 certainly not power lifting . 
 swade kerr was a frail vegetarian who could barely pick up his newspaper , and right then he was under luther hoping to help lower him to the ground . 
 `` what 's the plan here , vic ? '' 
 luther asked . 
 it was difficult to talk with his feet straight above him . 
 gravity was pulling all the blood to his head , and it was pounding . 
 vic hesitated . 
 they really did n't have a plan . 
 what luther could n't see was that a group of men was standing directly under him , to break any fall . 
 what luther could hear , though , were two things . 
 first , someone said , `` there 's nora ! '' 
 the crowd parted to allow the ambulance through . 
 it stopped ten feet from the ladders , from the man hanging by his feet and his would-be rescuers . 
 two medics and a fireman jumped out , removed the ladders , shooed back frohmeyer and his cohorts , then one of them drove the ambulance carefully under mr. krank . 
 `` luther , what are you doing up there ? '' 
 nora yelled as she rushed through the crowd `` what does it look like ? '' 
 he yelled back , and his head pounded harder . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` wonderful . '' 
 the medics and the fireman crawled up on the hood of the ambulance , quickly lifted luther a few inches , unraveled the cord and the rope , then eased him down . 
 a few folks applauded , but most seemed indifferent . 
 the medics checked his vitals , then lowered him to the ground and carried him to the back of the ambulance , where the doors were open . 
 luther 's feet were numb and he could n't stand . 
 he was shivering , so a medic draped two orange blankets over him . 
 as he sat there in the back of the ambulance , looking toward the street , trying to ignore the gawking mob that was no doubt reveling in his humiliation , luther could only feel relief . 
 his headfirst slide down the roof had been brief but horrifying . 
 he was lucky to be conscious right now . 
 let them stare . 
 let them gawk . 
 he ached too much to care . 
 nora was there to inspect him . 
 she recognized the fireman kistler and the medic kendall as the two fine young men who 'd stopped by a couple of weeks ago selling fruitcakes for their holiday fund-raiser . 
 she thanked them for rescuing her husband . 
 `` you wan na go to the hospital ? '' 
 asked kendall . 
 `` just a precaution , '' said kistler . 
 `` no thanks , '' luther said , his teeth chattering . 
 `` nothing 's broken . '' 
 at that moment , though , everything felt broken . 
 a police car arrived in a rush and parked in the street , of course with its lights still flashing . 
 treen and salino jumped out and strutted through the crowd to observe things . 
 frohmeyer , becker , kerr , scheel , brixley , kropp , galdy , bellington-they all eased in around luther and nora . 
 spike was in the middle of them too . 
 as luther sat there , nursing his wounds , answering banal questions from the boys in uniform , practically all of hemlock squeezed in for a better view . 
 when salino got the gist of the story , he said , rather loudly , `` frosty ? 
 i thought you guys were n't doing christmas this year , mr. krank . 
 first you borrow a tree . 
 now this . '' 
 `` what 's going on , luther ? '' 
 frohmeyer called out . 
 it was a public question . 
 its answer was for everyone . 
 luther looked at nora , and realized she was n't about to say a word . 
 the explanations belonged to him . 
 `` blair 's coming home , for christmas , '' he blurted , rubbing his left ankle . 
 `` blair 's coming home , '' frohmeyer repeated loudly , and the news rippled through the crowd . 
 regardless of how they felt about luther at the moment , the neighbors adored blair . 
 they 'd watched her grow up , sent her off to college , and waited for her to come back each summer . 
 she 'd babysat for most of the younger kids on hemlock . 
 as an only child , blair had treated the other children like family . 
 she was everyone 's big sister . 
 `` and she 's bringing her fiance , '' luther added , and this too swept through the onlookers . 
 `` who 's blair ? '' 
 asked salino , as if he were a homicide detective digging for clues . 
 `` she 's my daughter , '' luther explained to the uninformed . 
 `` she left about a month ago for peru , with the peace corps , not going to be back for a year , or so we thought . 
 she called around eleven today . 
 she was in miami , coming home to surprise us for christmas , and she 's bringing a fiance , some doctor she just met down there . '' 
 nora moved closer and was now holding his elbow . 
 `` and she expects to see a christmas tree ? '' 
 frohmeyer said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and a frosty ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` and what about the annual krank christmas eve party ? '' 
 `` that too . '' 
 the crowd inched closer as frohmeyer analyzed things . 
 `` what time does she get here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` plane lands at six . '' 
 `` six ! '' 
 people looked at their watches . 
 luther rubbed the other ankle . 
 his feet were tingling now , a good sign . 
 blood was flowing down there again . 
 vic frohmeyer took a step back and looked into the faces of his neighbors . 
 he cleared his throat , raised his chin , and began , `` okay , folks , here 's the game plan . 
 we 're about to have a party here at the kranks ' , a christmas homecoming for blair . 
 those of you who can , drop what you 're doing and pitch in . 
 nora , do you have a turkey ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said sheepishly . 
 `` smoked trout . '' 
 `` smoked trout ? '' 
 `` that 's all i could find . '' 
 several of the women whispered , `` smoked trout ? '' 
 `` who has a turkey ? '' 
 frohmeyer asked . 
 `` we have two , '' said jude becker . 
 `` both in the oven . '' 
 `` great , '' said frohmeyer . 
 `` cliff , you take a team down to brixley 's and get his frosty . 
 get some lights too , we 'll string 'em along luther 's boxwoods here . 
 everybody go home , change clothes , grab whatever extra food you can find , and meet back here in a half hour . '' 
 he looked at saline and treen and said , `` you guys head to the airport . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 asked salino . 
 `` blair needs a ride home . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure if we can . '' 
 `` shall i call the chief ? '' 
 treen and salino headed for their car . 
 the neighbors began to scatter , now that they had their instructions from frohmeyer . 
 luther and nora watched them disperse up and down hemlock , all moving quickly , all with a purpose . 
 nora looked at luther with tears in her eyes , and luther felt like crying too . 
 his ankles were raw . 
 frohmeyer said , `` how many guests are coming to the party ? '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know , '' nora said , staring at the empty street . 
 `` not as many as you think , '' luther said to her . 
 `` the underwoods called and canceled . 
 as did dox . '' 
 `` so did father zabriskie , '' said nora . 
 `` not mitch underwood ? '' 
 queried frohmeyer . 
 `` yes , but he 's not coming . '' 
 what a sad little party , thought frohmeyer . 
 `` so how many guests do you need ? '' 
 `` everybody 's invited , '' luther said . 
 `` the whole street . '' 
 `` yes , the entire street , '' nora added . 
 frohmeyer looked at kistler and asked , `` how many guys in the station tonight ? '' 
 `` eight . '' 
 `` can the firemen and medics come too ? '' 
 vic asked nora . 
 `` yes , they 're all invited , '' she said . 
 `` and the police as well , added luther . 
 `` it 'll be a crowd . '' 
 `` a crowd would be nice , would n't it , luther ? '' 
 nora said . 
 he pulled the blankets tighter and said , `` yes , blair would love a crowd . '' 
 `` how about some carolers ? '' 
 frohmeyer asked . 
 `` that would be nice , '' nora said . 
 they helped luther into the house , and by the time he made it to the kitchen he was walking unassisted , but with a severe limp . 
 kendall left him a plastic cane , one he vowed he would n't use . 
 when they were alone in the living room , with trogdon 's tree , luther and nora shared a. few quiet moments by the fire . 
 they talked about blair . 
 they tried in vain to analyze the prospect of a fiance then a groom , then a new son-in-law . 
 they were touched beyond words by the unity of their neighbors . 
 the cruise was never mentioned . 
 blair was just a little miffed that her parents were not waiting at the arrival gate . 
 sure it was short notice , and the airport was crowded , and they were undoubtedly busy with the party , but she was , after all , bringing home her one and only . 
 she said nothing though , as she and enrique walked quickly down the concourse , arm in arm , stride for stride , somehow weaving gracefully through the mob while remaining attached at the hip and staring only at each other . 
 there was no one to greet them at the baggage claim either . 
 but as they were hauling their luggage toward the exit , blair saw two policemen holding a hand-scrawled sign that read `` blair and enriqe . '' 
 they had misspelled enrique , but at the moment who cared ? 
 she called to them , and they snapped into action , scooping up the luggage and leading them through the mass of people . 
 officer salino explained as they walked outside that the chief had dispatched a police escort for blair and enrique . 
 welcome home ! 
 `` the party is waiting , '' he said as they stuffed their things into the trunk of a police car , which was parked illegally at the curb in front of the taxis . 
 a second police car was parked in front of the first . 
 as a south american , enrique was more than a little hesitant to voluntarily get into the back of a police car . 
 he looked around nervously , at the crush of foot traffic , taxis , and buses bumper to bumper , people yelling , guards whistling . 
 the idea of bolting crossed his mind , then his eyes returned to the beautiful face of the girl he loved . 
 `` let 's go , '' she said , and they jumped in . 
 he would 've followed her anywhere . 
 with lights flashing , the two cars flew away , darting through traffic , forcing others onto the edges of the streets . 
 `` this happens all the time ? '' 
 enrique whispered . 
 `` never , '' blair answered . 
 what a nice touch , she thought . 
 officer treen was driving furiously . 
 officer salino was smiling at the thought of luther krank hanging by his feet while the entire neighborhood looked on . 
 but he would n't say a word . 
 blair would never know the truth , according to orders from vic frohmeyer , who 'd finally gotten through to the mayor and also had the chief 's ear . 
 as they worked their way into the suburbs , the traffic thinned and a light snow began . 
 `` calling for four inches , '' salino said over his shoulder . 
 `` does it snow down in peru ? '' 
 `` in the mountains , '' enrique said . 
 `` but i live in lima , the capital . '' 
 `` had a cousin went to mexico one time , '' salino said , but let it go because there was nothing else to add . 
 the cousin had almost died , etc. , but salino wisely decided not to venture into third-world horror stories . 
 blair was determined to be hyperprotective of her fiance and his homeland , so she quickly rushed in with a `` has it snowed since thanksgiving ? '' 
 the subject of weather was the most common ground of all . 
 `` had two inches a week ago , was n't it ? '' 
 salino said , glancing at treen , who was driving with white knuckles in a successful attempt to keep his car no more than five feet behind the police car in front of them . 
 `` four inches , '' treen said with authority . 
 `` no , it was two , was n't it ? '' 
 salino argued . 
 `` four , '' treen said , shaking his head , and this irritated salino . 
 they finally settled on three inches of snow as blair and enrique huddled in the back and looked at the rows of neatly decorated houses . 
 `` almost there , '' she said softly . 
 `` that 's stanton , hemlock is next . '' 
 spike was the lookout . 
 he flashed green twice on his boy scout signal lantern , and the stage was set . 
 luther limped pitifully into their bathroom , where nora was putting the finishing touches on her face . 
 for twenty minutes she 'd been desperately experimenting with everything she could find-foundations , powders , highlights . 
 her wonderfully tanned skin was hidden from the neck down , and she was determined to lighten her face . 
 it was n't working , though . 
 `` you look emaciated , '' luther said , truthfully . 
 powder was flying around her head . 
 luther was in too much pain to worry about his tan . 
 at nora 's suggestion , he was wearing black-black cardigan over a black turtleneck with dark gray slacks . 
 the darker his attire the paler his skin , in her opinion . 
 the cardigan he 'd worn only once , and luckily it was one blair had given him for a birthday . 
 the turtleneck had never been worn , and neither he nor nora could remember where it came from . 
 he felt like a mafia lieutenant . 
 `` just give it up , '' he said as she flung bottles and seemed ready to throw one at him . 
 `` i will not , '' she snapped . 
 `` blair will not know about the cruise , do you understand , luther ? '' 
 `` then do n't tell her about the cruise . 
 tell her your doctor recommended tanning for , uh , which vitamin is it ? '' 
 `` d , from the sunshine , not a tanning bed . 
 another stupid idea , luther . '' 
 `` tell her we 've had some unseasonably warm weather , been outside a lot , working in the flower beds . '' 
 `` that 's your lie , and it 's not going to work . 
 she 's not blind . 
 she 'll look at your flower beds and see that they have n't been touched in months . '' 
 `` ouch . '' 
 `` any more bright ideas ? '' 
 `` we 're getting a head start on spring break ? 
 bought a tanning package . '' 
 `` very funny . '' 
 she brushed by him in a huff , powder trailing behind her luther was limping down the hall , with his new plastic cane , toward the crowd in his living room , when he heard someone yell , `` here they come . '' 
 due to a malfunctioning canvas strap , ralph brixley was actually holding his own frosty in place , in front of luther krank 's chimney , on luther 's roof , in the snow and the cold , when he saw the green flashing light from the end of the street . 
 `` here they come , '' he yelled down to krank 's patio , where his assistant , judd bellington , was waiting by the ladder and trying to repair the strap . 
 from ralph 's point of view , he watched with some measure of pride -lrb- and some measure of frustration because it was cold up there and getting colder -rrb- as his neighborhood circled the wagons to help one of its own , even if it was luther krank . 
 a large choir , under the shaky direction of mrs. ellen mulholland , was assembled next to the driveway and began singing `` jingle bells . '' 
 linda galdy owned a set of handbells , and her hurriedly recruited band began ringing them along with the choir . 
 the front lawn was covered with neighborhood children , all waiting eagerly for blair and her mysterious new fiance . 
 when the police cars slowed in front of the kranks ' , a cheer went up , a loud hello from the kids on hemlock . 
 `` my goodness , '' blair said . 
 `` what a crowd . '' 
 there was a fire truck parked in front of the beckers ' and a large lime-green ambulance in front of the trogdons ' , and on cue all their lights began flashing to welcome blair . 
 when the police cars rolled to a stop in the driveway , vic frohmeyer himself yanked open the front door . 
 `` merry christmas , blair ! '' 
 he boomed . 
 she and enrique were soon on the front lawn , surrounded by dozens of neighbors while the choir howled away . 
 blair introduced enrique , who seemed just a bit bewildered by the reception . 
 they made their way onto the front steps and into the living room , where another cheer went up . 
 at nora 's request , four firemen , and three cops stood shoulder to shoulder in front of the tree , trying to block as much of it as possible from blair 's view . 
 luther and nora waited nervously in their bedroom for a private reunion with their daughter , and for a quiet introduction to enrique . 
 `` what if we do n't like him ? '' 
 luther mumbled , sitting on the edge of the bed , rubbing his ankles . 
 the party was growing rowdy down the hall . 
 `` hush , luther . 
 we raised a smart girl . '' 
 nora was applying a last-minute layer of powder to her cheeks . 
 `` but they just met . '' 
 `` love at first sight . '' 
 `` that 's impossible . 
 `` maybe you 're right . 
 it took me three years to see your potential . '' 
 the door opened and blair rushed in . 
 nora and luther both glanced at her first , then quickly looked beyond to see how dark enrique was . 
 he was n't dark at all ! 
 at least two shades lighter than luther himself ! 
 they hugged and squeezed their daughter as if she 'd been gone for years , then , with great relief , met their future son-in-law . 
 `` you guys look great , '' blair said , sizing them up . 
 nora was wearing a bulky christmas sweater , the first time in memory that she wanted to look heavier . 
 luther was the aging gigolo . 
 `` been watching our weight , '' he said , still pumping enrique 's hand . 
 `` you 've been in the sun , '' blair said to luther . 
 `` well , yes , we 've had some unseasonably warm weather , actually . 
 got a bit burned in the flower beds last weekend . '' 
 `` let 's get to the party , '' nora said . 
 `` ca n't keep folks waiting , '' luther added , leading the way . 
 `` is n't he handsome ? '' 
 blair whispered to her mother . 
 enrique was just a step ahead . 
 `` very handsome , '' nora said proudly . 
 `` why is daddy limping ? '' 
 `` hurt his foot . 
 he 's fine . '' 
 the living room was packed with people , a different sort of crowd , blair noticed , not that it mattered . 
 most of the regulars were not there . 
 most of the neighbors were . 
 and she could n't figure out why the police and firemen had been invited . 
 there were some gifts for enrique , which he opened in the center of the room . 
 ned becker passed along a red golf shirt from a local country club . 
 john galdy had just been given a picture book of local country inns . 
 his wife rewrapped it , and they unloaded it on enrique , who was moved almost to tears . 
 the firemen gave him two fruitcakes , though he confessed they did n't have such delights down in peru . 
 the police benevolent association gave him a calendar . 
 `` his english is perfect , '' nora whispered to blair . 
 `` better than mine , '' she whispered back . 
 `` i thought you said he 'd never been to the u.s. '' `` he was educated in london . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 and enrique went up another notch . 
 handsome , educated abroad , a doctor . 
 `` where did you meet him ? '' 
 `` in lima , during orientation . '' 
 a cheer went up as enrique opened a tall box and removed a lava lamp , one passed along by the bellingtons . 
 when the gifts were done , luther announced , `` dinner , '' and the crowd moved to the kitchen , where the table was covered with the hemlock donations , though the food had been arranged and rearranged until it looked original and festive . 
 even nora 's smoked trout had been dressed up by jessica brixley , perhaps the best chef on the street . 
 the carolers were frozen and tired of the snow , though it was n't heavy . 
 they heard the news about dinner , and moved inside , along with mrs. linda galdy 's handbell ensemble . 
 the man with the orange-and-gray beard nora 'd met by the peanut butter at kroger appeared from nowhere and seemed to know everyone , though no one seemed to know him . 
 nora welcomed him and watched him carefully , and finally heard him introduce himself as marty somebody . 
 marty loved a gathering and quickly warmed to the occasion . 
 he cornered enrique over cake and ice cream , and the two immediately launched into an extended conversation , in spanish no less . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 luther whispered as he limped by . 
 `` marty , '' nora whispered back , as if she 'd known him for years . 
 when everyone had eaten , they drifted back to the living room , where a fire was roaring . 
 the children sang two carols , then marty stepped forward with a guitar . 
 enrique stepped forward too and explained that he and his new friend would like to sing a couple of traditional peruvian christmas songs . 
 marty attacked the guitar with a vengeance , and the duet began in a nice harmony . 
 the words were unknown to the audience , but the message was clear . 
 christmas was a time of joy and peace around the world . 
 `` he sings too , '' nora whispered to blair , who just radiated . 
 between songs , marty explained that he 'd once worked in peru , and that singing the songs made him miss the place . 
 enrique took the guitar , strummed a few chords , then softly began another carol . 
 luther leaned on the mantel , alternating one foot at a time , smiling gamely , though he wanted to lie down and sleep forever . 
 he looked at the faces of his neighbors , all of whom were entranced with the music . 
 they were all there , except for the trogdons . 
 after yet another foreign carol , and during a boisterous round of applause for the enrique and marty duet , luther slipped unnoticed from the kitchen and eased through the darkness of his garage . 
 dressed in snow attire-overcoat , wool cap , muffler , boots , gloves-he shuffled along , aided by the plastic cane he 'd vowed not to use , trying not to wince with each step , though both ankles were swollen and raw . 
 the cane was in his right hand , a large envelope in his left . 
 the snow was still light , but the ground was covered . 
 at the sidewalk , he turned and gazed upon the gathering in his living room . 
 a packed house . 
 a tree that improved with the distance . 
 above them a borrowed frosty . 
 hemlock was quiet . 
 the fire truck and ambulance and police cars were gone , thankfully . 
 luther looked east and west and saw not a single person moving about . 
 most of them were in his house , singing along now , rescuing him from an episode that would undoubtedly be remembered as one of his more curious . 
 the scheel house was well lit on the outside , but almost completely dark within . 
 luther crept up their driveway , his boots rubbing his wounds , the cane making the entire venture possible . 
 on their porch he rang the doorbell and looked again at his house directly across the street . 
 ralph brixley and judd bellington came around the corner , hurriedly stringing lights on luther 's boxwoods . 
 he closed his eyes for a second , shook his head , looked at his feet . 
 walt scheel answered the door with a pleasant `` well , merry christmas , luther . '' 
 `` and merry christmas to you , '' luther said with a genuine smile . 
 `` you 're missing your party . '' 
 `` just have a second , walt . 
 could i step in ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 luther limped into the foyer , where he parked himself on a matt . 
 his boots had accumulated snow and he did n't want to leave tracks . 
 `` can i take your coat ? '' 
 walt asked . 
 something was baking in the kitchen , and luther took that as a good sign . 
 `` no , thanks . 
 how 's bev ? '' 
 `` she 's having a good day , thanks . 
 we started to come over and see blair , but the snow started . 
 so how 's the fiance ? '' 
 `` a very nice young man , '' luther said . 
 bev scheel entered from the dining room and said hello and merry christmas . 
 she was wearing a red holiday sweater and looked the same , as far as luther could tell . 
 rumor was that her doctor had given her six months . 
 `` a pretty nasty fall , '' walt said with a smile . 
 `` could 've been worse , '' luther said , grinning , trying to enjoy himself as the butt of the joke . 
 we wo n't dwell on that subject , he declared to himself . 
 he cleared his throat and said , `` look , blair 's here for ten days , so we wo n't be taking the cruise . 
 nora and i would like for you guys to have it . '' 
 he lifted the envelope slightly , sort of waved it at them . 
 their reaction was delayed as glances were exchanged , thoughts were attempted . 
 they were stunned , and for quite a spell could n't speak . 
 so luther plowed ahead . 
 `` the flight leaves at noon tomorrow . 
 you 'll need to get there early to get the names changed and such , a slight hassle , but it 'll be worth it . 
 i 've already called my travel agency this afternoon . 
 ten days in the caribbean , beaches , islands , the works . 
 it 'll be a dream vacation . '' 
 walt shook his head no , but just slightly . 
 bev 's eyes were moist . 
 neither could speak until walt managed to say , with little conviction , `` we ca n't take it , luther . 
 it 's not right . '' 
 `` do n't be silly . 
 i did n't purchase the travel insurance , so if you do n't go then the entire package is wasted . '' 
 bev looked at walt , who was already looking at her , and when their eyes locked luther caught it . 
 it was crazy , but why not ? 
 `` i 'm not sure my doctor will allow it , '' she said feebly . 
 `` i 've got that lexxon deal on the front burner , '' walt mumbled to himself as he scratched his head . 
 `` and we promised the shorts we 'd be there new year 's eve , '' bev added , sort of musing . 
 `` benny said he might drop in . '' 
 benny was their oldest son , who had n't been home in years . 
 `` and what about the cat ? '' 
 bev asked . 
 luther let them shuffle and strain , and when they ran out of their flimsy excuses he said , `` it 's a gift from us to you , a sincere , heart-felt , no-strings-attached christmas offering to two people who are , at this very moment , having a difficult time finding an excuse . 
 just go for it , okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure i have the right clothes , '' bev said predictably . 
 to which walt replied , `` do n't be ridiculous . '' 
 with their resistance crumbling , luther moved in for the kill . 
 he shoved the envelope at walt . 
 `` it 's all here-airline tickets , cruise passes , brochures , everything , including the phone number of the travel agency . '' 
 `` what 's the cost , luther ? 
 if we go , then well reimburse you . '' 
 `` it 's a simple gift , walt . 
 no cost , no payback . 
 do n't make it complicated . '' 
 walt understood , but his pride got in his way . 
 `` we 'll just have to discuss it when we get back . '' 
 there , they were already gone and back . 
 `` we can talk about everything then . '' 
 `` what about the cat ? '' 
 bev asked . 
 walt pinched his chin in serious thought and said , `` yes , that 's a real problem . 
 too late to call the kennel . '' 
 with uncanny timing , a large black furry cat sneaked into the foyer , rubbed itself on walt 's right leg , then gave a long look up at luther . 
 `` we ca n't just leave him , '' bev was saying . 
 `` no , we ca n't , '' walt said . 
 luther hated cats . 
 `` we could ask jude becker , '' bev said . 
 `` no problem . 
 i 'll take care of him , '' luther said , swallowing hard , knowing perfectly well that nora would get the chore . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 walt asked , a little too quickly . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 the cat took another look at luther and slunk away . 
 the feeling was mutual . 
 the good - byes took much longer than the hellos , and when luther hugged bev he thought she would break . 
 under the bulky sweater was a frail and ailing woman . 
 the tears were halfway down her cheeks . 
 `` i 'll call nora , '' she whispered . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 old tough-as-nails walt had moist eyes too . 
 on the front steps , during their last handshake , he said , `` this means so much , luther . 
 thank you . '' 
 when the scheels were once again locked away inside , luther started home . 
 unburdened by the thick envelope now , shed of its pricey tickets and thick brochures , freed of all the self-indulgence contained therein , his steps were a little quicker . 
 and , filled with the satisfaction of making the perfect gift , luther walked straight and proud with hardly a limp . 
 at the street he stopped and looked over his shoulder . 
 the scheels ' home , dark as a cave just moments earlier , was now alive with lights being flipped on both upstairs and down . 
 they 'll pack all night , luther thought to himself . 
 a door opened across the street , and the galdy family made a noisy exit from the kranks ' living room . 
 laughter and music escaped with them and echoed above hemlock . 
 the party showed little signs of breaking up . 
 standing there at the edge of the street , light snow gathering on his wool cap and collar , gazing at his freshly decorated house with almost the entire neighborhood packed into it , luther paused to count his blessings . 
 blair was home , and she 'd brought with her a very nice , handsome , polite young man , who was quite obviously crazy about her . 
 and who , at that moment , was very much in charge of the party along with marty whatshisname . 
 luther himself was lucky to be standing , as opposed to lying peacefully on a slab at franklin 's funeral home , or pinned to a bed in icu at mercy hospital , tubes running everywhere . 
 thoughts of snowballing down his roof , headfirst , still horrified him . 
 very lucky indeed . 
 blessed with friends and neighbors who would sacrifice their plans for christmas eve to rescue him . 
 he looked up to his chimney where the brixleys ' frosty was watching him . 
 round smiling face , top hat , corncob pipe . 
 through the flurries luther thought he caught a wink from the snowman . 
 starving , as usual , luther suddenly craved smoked trout . 
 he began trekking through the snow . 
 `` i 'll eat a fruitcake too , '' he vowed to himself . 
 what a ridiculous idea . 
 maybe next year . 
