 i am a lawyer , and i am in prison . 
 it 's a long story . 
 i 'm forty-three years old and halfway through a ten-year sentence handed down by a weak and sanctimonious federal judge in washington , d.c. all of my appeals have run their course , and there is no procedure , mechanism , obscure statute , technicality , loophole , or hail mary left in my thoroughly depleted arsenal . 
 i have nothing . 
 because i know the law , i could do what some inmates do and clog up the courts with stacks of worthless motions and writs and other junk filings , but none of this would help my cause . 
 nothing will help my cause . 
 the reality is that i have no hope of getting out for five more years , save for a few lousy weeks chopped off at the end for good behavior , and my behavior has been exemplary . 
 i should n't call myself a lawyer , because technically i am not . 
 the virginia state bar swept in and yanked my license shortly after i was convicted . 
 the language is right there in black and white - a felony conviction equals disbarment . 
 i was stripped of my license , and my disciplinary troubles were duly reported in the virginia lawyer register . 
 three of us were disbarred that month , which is about average . 
 however , in my little world , i am known as a jailhouse lawyer and as such spend several hours each day helping my fellow inmates with their legal problems . 
 i study their appeals and file motions . 
 i prepare simple wills and an occasional land deed . 
 i review contracts for some of the white-collar guys . 
 i have sued the government for legitimate complaints but never for ones i consider frivolous . 
 and there are a lot of divorces . 
 eight months and six days after i began my time , i received a thick envelope . 
 prisoners crave mail , but this was one package i could have done without . 
 it was from a law firm in fairfax , virginia , one that represented my wife , who , surprisingly , wanted a divorce . 
 in a matter of weeks , dionne had gone from being a supportive wife , dug in for the long haul , to a fleeing victim who desperately wanted out . 
 i could n't believe it . 
 i read the papers in absolute shock , my knees rubbery and my eyes wet , and when i was afraid i might start crying , i hustled back to my cell for some privacy . 
 there are a lot of tears in prison , but they are always hidden . 
 when i left home , bo was six years old . 
 he was our only child , but we were planning more . 
 the math is easy , and i 've done it a million times . 
 he 'll be sixteen when i get out , a fully grown teenager , and i will have missed ten of the most precious years a father and son can have . 
 until they are about twelve years old , little boys worship their fathers and believe they can do no wrong . 
 i coached bo in t-ball and youth soccer , and he followed me around like a puppy . 
 we fished and camped , and he sometimes went to my office with me on saturday mornings , after a boys-only breakfast . 
 he was my world , and trying to explain to him that i was going away for a long time broke both our hearts . 
 once behind bars , i refused to allow him to visit me . 
 as much as i wanted to squeeze him , i could not stand the thought of that little boy seeing his father incarcerated . 
 it is virtually impossible to fight a divorce when you 're in prison and not getting out soon . 
 our assets , never much to begin with , were depleted after an eighteen-month pounding by the federal government . 
 we had lost everything but our child and our commitment to each other . 
 the child was a rock ; the commitment bit the dust . 
 dionne made some beautiful promises about persevering and toughing it out , but once i was gone , reality set in . 
 she felt lonely and isolated in our small town . 
 `` people see me and they whisper , '' she wrote in one of her first letters . 
 `` i 'm so lonely , '' she whined in another . 
 it was n't long before the letters became noticeably shorter and further apart . 
 as did the visits . 
 dionne grew up in philadelphia and never warmed to life in the country . 
 when an uncle offered her a job , she was suddenly in a hurry to go home . 
 she remarried two years ago , and bo , now eleven , is being coached by another father . 
 my last twenty letters to my son went unanswered . 
 i 'm sure he never saw them . 
 i often wonder if i will see him again . 
 i think i will make the effort , though i vacillate on this . 
 how do you confront a child you love so much it hurts but who will not recognize you ? 
 we are never going to live together again as a typical father and son . 
 would it be fair to bo to have his long-lost father reappear and insist on becoming part of his life ? 
 i have far too much time to think about this . 
 i am inmate number 44861-127 at the federal prison camp near frostburg , maryland . 
 a `` camp '' is a low-security facility for those of us who are deemed nonviolent and sentenced to ten years or less . 
 for reasons that were never made clear , my first twenty-two months were spent at a medium-security joint near louisville , kentucky . 
 in the endless alphabet muck of bureau-speak , it is known as an fci - federal correctional institution - and it was a far different place than my camp at frostburg . 
 an fci is for violent men sentenced to more than ten years . 
 life there is much tougher , though i survived without being physically assaulted . 
 being a former marine helped immensely . 
 as far as prisons go , a camp is a resort . 
 there are no walls , fences , razor wire , or lookout towers and only a few guards with guns . 
 frostburg is relatively new , and its facilities are nicer than most public high schools . 
 and why not ? 
 in the united states we spend $ 40,000 a year to incarcerate each prison inmate and $ 8,000 to educate each elementary school student . 
 here we have counselors , managers , caseworkers , nurses , secretaries , assistants of many varieties , and dozens of administrators who would be hard-pressed to truthfully explain how they fill their eight hours each day . 
 it is , after all , the federal government . 
 the employee parking lot near the front entrance is packed with nice cars and trucks . 
 there are six hundred inmates here at frostburg , and , with a few exceptions , we are a well-behaved group of men . 
 those with violent pasts have learned their lessons and appreciate their civilized surroundings . 
 those who 've spent their lives in prison have finally found the best home . 
 many of these career boys do not want to leave . 
 they are thoroughly institutionalized and can not function on the outside . 
 a warm bed , three meals a day , health care - how could they possibly top this out there on the streets ? 
 i 'm not implying this is a pleasant place . 
 it is not . 
 there are many men like me who never dreamed they would one day fall so hard . 
 men with professions , careers , businesses ; men with assets and nice families and country-club memberships . 
 in my white gang there is carl , an optometrist who tinkered too much with his medicare billings ; and kermit , a land speculator who double and triple pledged the same properties to various banks ; and wesley , a former pennsylvania state senator who took a bribe ; and mark , a small-town mortgage lender who cut some corners . 
 carl , kermit , wesley , and mark . 
 all white , average age of fifty-one . 
 all admit their guilt . 
 then there 's me . 
 malcolm bannister , black , aged forty-three , convicted of a crime i had no knowledge of committing . 
 at this moment , at frostburg , i happen to be the only black guy serving time for a white-collar crime . 
 some distinction . 
 in my black gang , the membership is not so clearly defined . 
 most are kids from the streets of d.c. and baltimore who were busted for drug-related crimes , and when they are paroled , they will return to the streets with a 20 percent chance of avoiding another conviction . 
 with no education , no skills , and a criminal record , how are they supposed to succeed ? 
 in reality , there are no gangs in a federal camp and no violence . 
 if you fight or threaten someone , they 'll yank you out of here and send you to a place that 's far worse . 
 there is a lot of bickering , mainly over the television , but i have yet to see someone throw a punch . 
 some of these guys have served time in state prisons , and the stories they tell are horrifying . 
 no one wants to trade this place for another joint . 
 so we behave as we count the days . 
 for the white-collar guys , the punishment is humiliation and the loss of status , standing , a lifestyle . 
 for the black guys , life in a camp is safer than where they came from and where they 're going . 
 their punishment is another notch on their criminal records , another step in becoming career felons . 
 because of this , i feel more white than black . 
 there are two other ex-lawyers here at frostburg . 
 ron napoli was a flamboyant criminal lawyer in philadelphia for many years , until cocaine ruined him . 
 he specialized in drug law and represented many of the top dealers and traffickers in the mid-atlantic region , from new jersey to the carolinas . 
 he preferred to get paid in cash and coke and eventually lost everything . 
 the irs nailed him for tax evasion , and he 's about halfway through a nine-year sentence . 
 ron 's not doing too well these days . 
 he seems depressed and will not , under any circumstances , exercise and try to take care of himself . 
 he 's getting heavier , slower , crankier , and sicker . 
 he used to tell fascinating stories about his clients and their adventures in narco-trafficking , but now he just sits in the yard , eating bag after bag of fritos and looking lost . 
 someone is sending him money , and he spends most of it on junk food . 
 the third ex-lawyer is a washington shark named amos kapp , a longtime insider and shifty operator who spent a career slinking around the edges of every major political scandal . 
 kapp and i were tried together , convicted together , and sentenced ten years apiece by the same judge . 
 there were eight defendants - seven from washington and me . 
 kapp has always been guilty of something , and he was certainly guilty in the eyes of our jurors . 
 kapp , though , knew then and knows now that i had nothing to do with the conspiracy , but he was too much of a coward and a crook to say anything . 
 violence is strictly prohibited at frostburg , but give me five minutes with amos kapp and his neck would be broken . 
 he knows this , and i suspect he told the warden a long time ago . 
 they keep him on the west campus , as far away from my pod as possible . 
 of the three lawyers , i 'm the only one willing to help other inmates with their legal problems . 
 i enjoy the work . 
 it 's challenging and keeps me busy . 
 it also keeps my legal skills sharp , though i doubt if i have much of a future as a lawyer . 
 i can apply for reinstatement to the bar when i 'm out , but that can be an arduous procedure . 
 the truth is i never made any money as a lawyer . 
 i was a small-town practitioner , black on top of that , and few clients could pay a decent fee . 
 there were dozens of other lawyers packed along braddock street scrambling for the same clients ; the competition was rough . 
 i 'm not sure what i 'll do when this is over , but i have serious doubts about resuming a legal career . 
 i 'll be forty-eight , single , and in good health , hopefully . 
 five years is an eternity . 
 every day i take a long walk , alone , on a dirt jogging trail that skirts the edges of the camp and follows the boundary , or the `` line , '' as it is known . 
 step over the line , and you 're considered an escapee . 
 in spite of being the site of a prison , this is beautiful country with spectacular views . 
 as i walk and gaze at the rolling hills in the distance , i fight the urge to just keep walking , to step over the line . 
 there is no fence to stop me , no guard to yell my name . 
 i could disappear into the dense woods , then disappear forever . 
 i wish there was a wall , one ten feet tall , made of solid brick , with coils of glistening razor wire along its top , one that would keep me from gazing at the hills and dreaming of freedom . 
 this is a prison , damn it ! 
 we ca n't leave . 
 put up a wall and stop tempting us . 
 frostburg is a few miles west of the town of cumberland , maryland , in the middle of a sliver of land that is dwarfed by pennsylvania to the north and west virginia to the west and south . 
 looking at a map , it is obvious this exiled part of the state was the result of a bad survey and should n't belong to maryland at all , though it 's not clear who should have ownership . 
 i work in the library , and on the wall above my little desk is a large map of america . 
 i spend too much time gazing at it , daydreaming , wondering how i came to be a federal prisoner in a remote part of far-western maryland . 
 sixty miles south of here is the town of winchester , virginia , population twenty-five thousand , the place of my birth , childhood , education , career , and , eventually , the fall . 
 i am told that little has changed there since i left . 
 the law firm of copeland and reed is still doing business in the same storefront shop where i once worked . 
 it 's on braddock street , in the old town , next door to a diner . 
 the name , painted in black on the window , was once copeland , reed and bannister , and it was the only all-black law firm within a hundred miles . 
 i 'm told that mr. copeland and mr. reed are doing well , certainly not prospering or getting rich , but generating enough business to pay their two secretaries and the rent . 
 that 's about all we did when i was a partner there - just manage to scrape by . 
 at the time of the fall , i was having serious second thoughts about surviving in such a small town . 
 i am told that mr. copeland and mr. reed refuse to discuss me and my problems . 
 they came within an inch of being indicted too , and their reputations were tarnished . 
 the u.s. attorney who nailed me was blasting buckshot at anyone remotely connected to his grand conspiracy , and he almost wiped out the entire firm . 
 my crime was picking the wrong client . 
 my two former partners have never committed a crime . 
 on so many levels i regret what has happened , but the slander of their good names still keeps me awake . 
 they are both in their late sixties , and in their younger days as lawyers they struggled not only with the challenge of keeping a small-town general practice afloat but also fought some of the last battles of the jim crow era . 
 judges sometimes ignored them in court and ruled against them for no sound legal reason . 
 other lawyers were often rude and unprofessional . 
 the county bar association did not invite them to join . 
 clerks sometimes lost their filings . 
 all-white juries did not believe them . 
 worst of all , clients did not hire them . 
 black clients . 
 no white client would hire a black lawyer in the 1970s , in the south anyway , and this still has n't changed much . 
 but copeland and reed nearly went under in its infancy because black folks thought the white lawyers were better . 
 hard work and a commitment to professionalism changed this , but slowly . 
 winchester was not my first choice of places to have a career . 
 i went to law school at george mason , in the d.c. suburbs of northern virginia . 
 the summer after my second year , i got lucky and landed a clerkship with a giant firm on pennsylvania avenue , near capitol hill . 
 it was one of those firms with a thousand lawyers , offices around the world , former senators on the letterhead , blue-chip clients , and a frenetic pace that i thoroughly enjoyed . 
 the highlight was playing gofer in the trial of a former congressman -lrb- our client -rrb- who was accused of conspiring with his felonious brother to take kickbacks from a defense contractor . 
 the trial was a circus , and i was thrilled to be so close to the center ring . 
 eleven years later , i walked into the same courtroom in the e. barrett prettyman u.s. courthouse , in downtown washington , and suffered through a trial of my own . 
 i was one of seventeen clerks that summer . 
 the other sixteen , all from top-ten law schools , received job offers . 
 since i had put all my eggs in one basket , i spent my third year of law school scrambling around d.c. , knocking on doors , finding none that were open . 
 at any given moment , there must be several thousand unemployed lawyers pounding the pavement in d.c. , and it 's easy to get lost in the desperation . 
 i eventually fanned out through the suburbs where the firms are much smaller and the jobs even scarcer . 
 finally , i went home in defeat . 
 my dreams of big-league glory were smashed . 
 mr. copeland and mr. reed did not have enough business and certainly could not afford a new associate , but they had pity on me and cleared out an old storage room upstairs . 
 i worked as hard as possible , though it was often a challenge to put in long hours with so few clients . 
 we got along smoothly , and after five years they generously added my name to the partnership . 
 my income barely rose . 
 during my prosecution , it was painful watching their good names get dragged through the mud , and it was so senseless . 
 when i was on the ropes , the lead fbi agent informed me that mr. copeland and mr. reed were going to be indicted if i did n't plead guilty and cooperate with the u.s. attorney . 
 i thought it was a bluff , but i had no way of knowing for sure . 
 i told him to go to hell . 
 luckily , he was bluffing . 
 i 've written them letters , long weepy letters of apology and all that , but they have not replied . 
 i 've asked them to come visit so we can talk face-to-face , but they have not responded . 
 though my hometown is just sixty miles away , i have only one regular visitor . 
 my father was one of the first black state troopers hired by the commonwealth of virginia . 
 for thirty years , henry patrolled the roads and highways around winchester , and he loved every minute of his job . 
 he loved the work itself , the sense of authority and history , the power to enforce the law , and the compassion to help those in need . 
 he loved the uniform , the patrol car , everything but the pistol on his belt . 
 he was forced to remove it a few times , but he never fired it . 
 he expected white folks to be resentful and he expected black folks to want leniency , and he was determined to show complete fairness . 
 he was a tough cop who saw no gray areas in the law . 
 if an act was n't legal , then it was certainly illegal , with no wiggle room and no time for technicalities . 
 from the moment i was indicted , my father believed i was guilty , of something . 
 forget the presumption of innocence . 
 forget my rants about being innocent . 
 as a proud career man , he was thoroughly brainwashed by a lifetime of chasing those who broke the law , and if the feds , with their resources and great wisdom , deemed me worthy of a one-hundred-page indictment , then they were right and i was wrong . 
 i 'm sure he felt sympathy , and i 'm sure he prayed i would somehow get out of my mess , but he had a difficult time conveying those feelings to me . 
 he was humiliated , and he let me know it . 
 how could his lawyer son get himself so entangled with such a slimy bunch of crooks ? 
 i have asked myself the same question a thousand times . 
 there is no good answer . 
 henry bannister barely finished high school and , after a few minor scrapes with the law , joined the marine corps at the age of nineteen . 
 the marines quickly turned him into a man , a soldier who craved the discipline and took great pride in the uniform . 
 he did three tours in vietnam , where he got shot and burned and briefly captured . 
 his medals are on the wall of his study in the small home where i was raised . 
 he lives there alone . 
 my mother was killed by a drunk driver two years before i was indicted . 
 henry travels to frostburg once a month for a one-hour visit . 
 he is retired with little to do , and he could visit once a week if he wanted . 
 but he does not . 
 there are so many cruel twists in a long prison term . 
 one is the feeling of being slowly forgotten by the world and by those you love and need . 
 the mail , which arrived in bundles during the early months , gradually trickled down to one or two letters a week . 
 friends and family members who once seemed eager to visit have not been seen in years . 
 my older brother , marcus , drops in twice a year to kill an hour updating me on his latest problems . 
 he has three teenagers , all at various stages of juvenile delinquency , plus a wife who 's crazy . 
 i guess i have no problems after all . 
 in spite of his chaotic life , i enjoy the visits . 
 marcus has been mimicking richard pryor his entire life , and every word he utters is funny . 
 we usually laugh the entire hour as he rails against his children . 
 my younger sister , ruby , lives on the west coast , and i see her once a year . 
 she dutifully writes me a letter every week , and i treasure these . 
 i have a distant cousin who served seven years for armed robbery - i was his lawyer - and he comes to see me twice a year because i visited him when he was in prison . 
 after three years here , i often go months without a visitor , except for my father . 
 the bureau of prisons tries to place its inmates within five hundred miles of home . 
 i 'm lucky in that winchester is so close , but it might as well be a thousand miles away . 
 i have several childhood friends who 've never made the drive and a few others whom i have n't heard from in two years . 
 most of my former lawyer friends are too busy . 
 my running buddy in law school writes once every other month but ca n't quite squeeze in a visit . 
 he lives in washington , a hundred fifty miles to the east , where he claims to work seven days a week in a big law firm . 
 my best pal from the marine corps lives in pittsburgh , two hours away , and he 's been to frostburg exactly once . 
 i suppose i should be thankful that my father makes the effort . 
 as always , he 's sitting alone in the small visiting room with a brown paper sack on the table in front of him . 
 it 's either cookies or brownies from my aunt racine , his sister . 
 we shake hands but do not embrace - henry bannister has never hugged another man in his life . 
 he looks me over to make sure i have not gained weight and , as always , quizzes me about my daily routine . 
 he has not gained a pound in forty years and can still fit into his marine uniform . 
 he 's convinced that eating less means living longer , and henry 's afraid of dying young . 
 his father and grandfather dropped dead in their late fifties . 
 he walks five miles a day and thinks i should do the same . 
 i have accepted the fact that he will never stop telling me how to live my life , incarcerated or not . 
 he taps the brown bag and says , `` racine sent these . '' 
 `` please tell her i said thanks , '' i say . 
 if he 's so worried about my waistline , why does he bring me a bag of fatty desserts every time he visits ? 
 i 'll eat two or three and give the rest away . 
 `` you talked to marcus lately ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` no , not in the past month . 
 why ? '' 
 `` big trouble . 
 delmon 's got a girl pregnant . 
 he 's fifteen , she 's fourteen . '' 
 he shakes his head and frowns . 
 delmon was an outlaw by the age of ten , and the family has always expected him to pursue a life of crime . 
 `` your first great-grandchild , '' i say , trying to be funny . 
 `` ai n't i proud ? 
 a fourteen-year-old white girl knocked up by a fifteen-year-old idiot who happens to be named bannister . '' 
 we both dwell on this for some time . 
 our visits are often defined not by what is said but by what is kept deep inside . 
 my father is now sixty-nine , and instead of savoring his golden years , he spends most of his time licking his wounds and feeling sorry for himself . 
 not that i blame him . 
 his dear wife of forty-two years was taken away in a split second . 
 while he was lost in his grief , we found out the fbi had an interest in me , and its investigation soon snowballed . 
 my trial lasted for three weeks and my father was in the courtroom every day . 
 watching me stand before a judge and get sentenced to ten years in prison was heartbreaking . 
 then bo was taken away , from both of us . 
 now marcus 's children are old enough to inflict serious pain on their parents and extended family . 
 our family is due some good luck , but that does n't appear likely . 
 `` i talked to ruby last night , '' he says . 
 `` she 's doing well , says hello , says your last letter was quite funny . '' 
 `` please tell her the letters mean so much . 
 she has not missed a week in five years . '' 
 ruby is such a bright spot in our crumbling family . 
 she 's a marriage counselor , and her husband is a pediatrician . 
 they have three perfect kids who are kept away from their infamous uncle mal . 
 after a long pause , i say , `` thanks for the check , as always . '' 
 he shrugs and says , `` happy to help . '' 
 he sends $ 100 every month , and it is much appreciated . 
 it goes into my account and allows me to buy such necessities as pens , writing tablets , paperbacks , and decent food . 
 most of those in my white gang get checks from home and virtually no one in my black gang gets a penny . 
 in prison , you always know who 's getting money . 
 `` you 're almost halfway through , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm two weeks shy of five years , '' i say . 
 `` i guess it flies by . '' 
 `` maybe on the outside . 
 i can assure you the clocks run much slower on this side of the wall . '' 
 `` still , it 's hard to believe you 've been in for five years . '' 
 it is indeed . 
 how do you survive for years in prison ? 
 you do n't think about years , or months , or weeks . 
 you think about today - how to get through it , how to survive it . 
 when you wake up tomorrow , another day is behind you . 
 the days add up ; the weeks run together ; the months become years . 
 you realize how tough you are , how you can function and survive because you have no choice . 
 `` any idea what you 'll do ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i get this same question every month now , as if my release were just around the corner . 
 patience , i remind myself . 
 he 's my father . 
 and he 's here ! 
 that counts for a lot . 
 `` not really . 
 it 's too far away . '' 
 `` i 'd start thinking about it if i were you , '' he says , certain that he would know exactly what to do if he were in my shoes . 
 `` i just finished the third level of spanish , '' i say with some pride . 
 in my brown gang there is a good friend , marco , who is an excellent language teacher . 
 drugs . 
 `` looks like we 'll all be speaking spanish before long . 
 they 're taking over . '' 
 henry has little patience with immigrants , anybody with an accent , people from new york and new jersey , anyone on welfare , anyone unemployed , and he thinks the homeless should be rounded up and placed in camps that would resemble , in his view , something worse than guantanamo . 
 we had harsh words a few years ago , and he threatened to stop the visits . 
 bickering is a waste of time . 
 i 'm not going to change him . 
 he 's kind enough to drive over , the least i can do is behave . 
 i am the convicted felon ; he is not . 
 he 's the winner ; i 'm the loser . 
 this seems important to henry , though i do n't know why . 
 maybe it 's because i had college and law school , something he never dreamed of . 
 `` i 'll probably leave the country , '' i say . 
 `` go somewhere where i can use the spanish , somewhere like panama or costa rica . 
 warm weather , beaches , people with darker skin . 
 they do n't care about criminal records or who 's been to prison . '' 
 `` the grass is always greener , huh ? '' 
 `` yes , dad , when you 're in prison , every place has greener grass . 
 what am i supposed to do ? 
 go back home , maybe become an unlicensed paralegal doing research for some tiny firm that ca n't afford me ? 
 maybe become a bail bondsman ? 
 how about a private detective ? 
 there are not a lot of options . '' 
 he 's nodding along . 
 we 've had this conversation at least a dozen times . 
 `` and you hate the government , '' he says . 
 `` oh yes . 
 i hate the federal government , the fbi , the u.s. attorneys , the federal judges , the fools who run the prisons . 
 there is so much of it i hate . 
 i 'm sitting here doing ten years for a noncrime because a hotshot u.s. attorney needed to jack up his kill quota . 
 and if the government can nail my ass for ten years with no evidence , just think of all the possibilities now that i have the words ` convicted felon ' tattooed on my forehead . 
 i 'm outta here , pop , just as soon as i can make the break . '' 
 given the importance of what they do , and the controversies that often surround them , and the violent people they sometimes confront , it is remarkable that in the history of this country only four active federal judges have been murdered . 
 the honorable raymond fawcett has just become number five . 
 his body was found in the small basement of a lakeside cabin he had built and frequently used on weekends . 
 when he did not show up for a trial on monday morning , his law clerks panicked and called the fbi . 
 in due course the agents found the crime scene . 
 the cabin was in a heavily wooded part of southwest virginia , on the side of a mountain , at the edge of a small , pristine body of water known locally as lake higgins . 
 the lake is not found on most road maps . 
 there appeared to be no forced entry , no fight or struggle , nothing but two dead bodies , bullet holes in both heads , and an empty metal safe in the basement . 
 judge fawcett was found near the safe , shot twice in the back of the head , definitely an execution , and there was a large pool of dried blood on the floor around him . 
 the first expert on the scene guessed that the judge had been dead for at least two days . 
 he had left the office around three on friday afternoon , according to one of his law clerks , with plans to drive straight to the cabin and spend the weekend hard at work there . 
 the other body was that of naomi clary , a thirty-four-year-old divorced mother of two who had recently been hired by judge fawcett as a secretary . 
 the judge , who was sixty-six and had five adult children , was not divorced . 
 he and mrs. fawcett had been living apart for several years , though they were still seen together around roanoke when the occasion called for it . 
 it was common knowledge they had separated , and because he was such a prominent man in town , their living arrangements created some gossip . 
 both had confided in their children and in their friends that they simply did not have the stomach for a divorce . 
 mrs. fawcett had the money . 
 judge fawcett had the status . 
 both seemed relatively content , and both had promised no outside affairs . 
 the handshake deal provided they would proceed with the divorce if and when one of them met someone else . 
 evidently , the judge had found someone to his liking . 
 almost immediately after ms. clary was added to the payroll , the rumors rippled through the courthouse that the judge was fooling around , again . 
 a few on his staff knew that he had never been able to keep his pants on . 
 naomi 's body was found on a sofa near the spot where the judge was murdered . 
 she was naked , with both ankles bound tightly together with silver duct tape . 
 she was lying on her back with both wrists taped together behind her . 
 she had been shot twice in the forehead . 
 her body was covered with small burn marks . 
 after a few hours of debate and analysis , the chief investigators agreed that she had likely been tortured as a means of forcing fawcett to open the safe . 
 apparently , it had worked . 
 the safe was empty , its door left open , not a shred of anything left behind . 
 the thief had cleaned it out , then executed his victims . 
 judge fawcett 's father had been a framing contractor , and as a kid he tagged along , always with a hammer . 
 he never stopped building things - a new back porch , a deck , a storage shed . 
 when his children were small and his marriage was happy , he had gutted and completely renovated a stately old home in central roanoke , acting as the general contractor and spending every weekend on a ladder . 
 years later he renovated a loft apartment that became his love nest , then his home . 
 to him , the hammering , sawing , and sweating were therapy , a mental and physical escape from a job filled with stress . 
 he had designed the a-frame lake cabin and , over a four-year period , had built most of it himself . 
 in the basement where he died , there was a wall covered with fine cedar shelves , all crammed with thick law books . 
 in the center , though , was a hidden door . 
 a set of shelves swung open , and there , perfectly hidden , was the safe . 
 at the crime scene , the safe had been rolled forward some three feet out of the wall and then cleaned out . 
 the safe was a metal and lead vault mounted on four five-inch wheels . 
 it had been manufactured by the vulcan safe company of kenosha , wisconsin , and sold online to judge fawcett . 
 according to its specs , it was forty-six inches in height , thirty-six inches in width , forty inches in depth ; offered nine cubic feet of storage ; weighed 510 pounds ; retailed at $ 2,100 ; and , when properly sealed , was fireproof , waterproof , and , ostensibly , burglarproof . 
 a keypad on the door required a six-digit code for entry . 
 why a federal judge who earned $ 174,000 a year needed such a secured and hidden container for his valuables was an immediate mystery to the fbi . 
 at the time of his death , judge fawcett had $ 15,000 in a personal checking account , $ 60,000 in a certificate of deposit earning less than 1 percent a year , $ 31,000 in a bond fund , and $ 47,000 in a mutual fund that had underperformed the market for almost a decade . 
 he also had a 401 -lrb- k -rrb- and the standard array of benefits for top federal officials . 
 with almost no debt , his balance sheet was blandly impressive . 
 his real security was in his job . 
 since the constitution allowed him to serve until he died , the salary would never stop . 
 mrs. fawcett 's family owned a trainload of bank stock , but the judge had never been able to get near it . 
 now , with the separation , it was even further off-limits . 
 bottom line : the judge was quite comfortable but far from rich , and not the type who needed a hidden safe to protect his goodies . 
 what was in the safe ? 
 or , bluntly , what got him killed ? 
 interviews with family and friends would later reveal he had no expensive habits , did not collect gold coins or rare diamonds or anything that needed such protection . 
 other than an impressive baseball card collection from his youth , there was no evidence the judge had an interest in collecting anything . 
 the a-frame was tucked away so deeply in the hills that it was nearly impossible to find . 
 a porch wrapped around the cabin , and from any vantage point not another person , vehicle , cabin , home , shack , or boat could be seen . 
 total isolation . 
 the judge stored a kayak and a canoe in the basement , and he was known to spend hours on the lake , fishing , thinking , and smoking cigars . 
 he was a quiet man , not lonely and not shy , but cerebral and serious . 
 it was painfully obvious to the fbi there would be no witnesses because there were no other human beings within miles . 
 the cabin was the perfect spot to kill someone and be far away before the crime was discovered . 
 from the moment they first arrived , the investigators knew they were way behind on this one . 
 and , for them , things got worse . 
 there was not a single fingerprint , footprint , piece of fiber , stray hair follicle , or tire mark to help with the clues . 
 the cabin had no alarm system and certainly no surveillance cameras . 
 and why bother ? 
 the nearest policeman was half an hour away , and , assuming he could even find the place , what was he supposed to do when he got there ? 
 any brain-dead burglar would be long gone . 
 for three days the investigators inspected every inch of the cabin and four acres around it , and they found nothing . 
 the fact that the murderer was so careful and methodic did not help the mood of the team . 
 they were dealing with some real talent here , a gifted killer who left no clues . 
 where were they supposed to start ? 
 there was already pressure from justice in washington . 
 the director of the fbi was putting together a task force , sort of a special ops unit to descend upon roanoke and solve the crime . 
 as expected , the brutal murders of an adulterous judge and his young girlfriend were splendid gifts to the media and the tabloids . 
 when naomi clary was buried three days after her body was found , the roanoke police used barricades to keep reporters and the curious away from the cemetery . 
 when raymond fawcett was memorialized the following day , at a packed episcopal church , a helicopter hovered above the building and drowned out the music . 
 the police chief , an old friend of the judge 's , was forced to send up his helicopter and shoo away the other one . 
 mrs. fawcett was steadfast in the front row among her children and grandchildren , refusing to shed a tear or look at his coffin . 
 many kind words were spoken about the judge , but some people , especially the men , were thinking , how did this old boy get such a young girlfriend ? 
 when both were good and buried , the attention quickly returned to the investigation . 
 the fbi would not say a word in public , primarily because it had nothing to say at all . 
 a week after the bodies were found , the only evidence on the table was the ballistics reports . 
 four bullets , hollow points , fired from a .38 - caliber handgun , one of a million on the streets and now probably at the bottom of a large lake somewhere in the mountains of west virginia . 
 other motives were being analyzed . 
 in 1979 judge john wood was gunned down outside his home in san antonio . 
 his killer was a contract hit man hired by a powerful drug dealer who was about to be sentenced by judge wood , who hated the drug trade and those who worked it . 
 with a nickname like maximum john the motive was fairly obvious . 
 in roanoke , the fbi teams looked at every case , criminal and civil , on judge fawcett 's docket and made a short list of potential suspects , virtually all of whom were involved in the narcotics trade . 
 in 1988 judge richard daronco was shot and killed while doing yard work around his home in pelham , new york . 
 the killer was the angry father of a woman who had just lost a case in the judge 's courtroom . 
 the father shot the judge , then committed suicide . 
 in roanoke , the fbi team scoured judge fawcett 's files and interviewed his clerks . 
 there are always a few whack jobs filing crap in federal court and making outrageous demands , and a list slowly came together . 
 names but no real suspects . 
 in 1989 judge robert smith vance was killed in his home in mountain brook , alabama , when he opened a package that contained a bomb . 
 they found his killer and eventually sent him to death row , but his motive was never clear . 
 the prosecutors speculated he was angry over a recent decision by judge vance . 
 in roanoke the fbi interviewed hundreds of lawyers with cases presently before judge fawcett , or in the recent past . 
 every lawyer has clients who are either crazy or mean enough to seek revenge , and a few of these had passed through judge fawcett 's courtroom . 
 they were tracked down , interviewed , and eliminated . 
 in january 2011 , a month before the fawcett murder , judge john roll was gunned down near tucson in the same mass killing that wounded congresswoman gabrielle giffords . 
 judge roll was in the wrong place at the wrong time and not the target . 
 his death was of no help to the fbi in roanoke . 
 with each passing day , the trail grew colder . 
 with no witnesses , no real crime scene evidence , no mistake by the killer , only a handful of useless tips , and very few suspects from the judge 's dockets , the investigation hit dead ends at every turn . 
 because frostburg is a camp and light on security , we have more contact with the outside world than most prisoners . 
 our mail is always subject to being opened and read , but this is rare . 
 we have limited access to e-mail but not the internet . 
 there are dozens of phones and plenty of rules that govern their use , but we can generally make all the collect calls we want . 
 cell phones are strictly prohibited . 
 we are allowed to buy subscriptions to dozens of magazines on an approved list . 
 several newspapers arrive promptly each morning , and they are always available in a corner of the chow hall known as the coffee room . 
 it is there , early one morning , that i see the headline in the washington post : federal judge murdered near roanoke . 
 i can not hide a smile . 
 this is the moment . 
 for the past three years , i have been obsessed with raymond fawcett . 
 i never met him , never entered his courtroom , never filed a lawsuit in his domain - the southern district of virginia . 
 virtually all of my practice was in state court . 
 i rarely ventured into the federal arena , and when i did , it was always in the northern district of virginia , which includes everything from richmond north . 
 the southern district covers roanoke , lynchburg , and the massive sprawl of the virginia beach - norfolk metro area . 
 before fawcett 's passing , there were twelve federal judges working in the southern district , and thirteen in the northern . 
 i have met several inmates here at frostburg who were sentenced by fawcett , and without seeming too curious , i quizzed them about him . 
 i did this under the guise of actually knowing the judge , of having tried lawsuits in his court . 
 without exception , these inmates loathed the man and felt as though he had gone overboard with their sentences . 
 he seemed to especially enjoy lecturing the white-collar guys as he passed judgment and sent them away . 
 their sentencing hearings generally attracted more press , and fawcett had a massive ego . 
 he went to duke as an undergrad and columbia for law school , then worked at a wall street firm for a few years . 
 his wife and her money were from roanoke , and they settled there when he was in his early thirties . 
 he joined the biggest law firm in town and quickly clawed his way to the top . 
 his father-in-law was a longtime benefactor to democratic politics , and in 1993 president clinton appointed fawcett to a lifetime position on the u. s. district court for the southern district of virginia . 
 in the world of american law , such an appointment carries tremendous prestige but not a lot of money . 
 at the time , his new salary was $ 125,000 a year , about a $ 300,000 cut in pay from what he was earning as a hardworking partner in a thriving law firm . 
 at forty-eight , he became one of the youngest federal judges in the country and , with five kids , one of the most cash-strapped . 
 his father-in-law soon began supplementing his income , and the pressure eased . 
 he once described his early years on the bench in a long interview in one of those legal periodicals that few people read . 
 i found it by chance in the prison library , in a stack of magazines about to be discarded . 
 there are not too many books and magazines that escape my curious eyes . 
 often , i 'll read five or six hours a day . 
 the computers here are desktops , a few years out-of-date , and because of demand they take a beating . 
 however , since i am the librarian and the computers are under my control , i have plenty of access . 
 we have subscriptions to two digital legal research sites , and i have used these to read every opinion published by the late honorable raymond fawcett . 
 something happened to him around the turn of the century , the year 2000 . 
 during his first seven years on the bench , he was a left-leaning protector of individual rights , compassionate with the poor and troubled , quick to slap the hands of law enforcement , skeptical of big business , and seemingly eager to chastise a wayward litigant with an extremely sharp pen . 
 within a year , though , something was changing . 
 his opinions were shorter , not as well reasoned , even nasty at times , and he was definitely moving to the right . 
 in 2000 he was nominated by president clinton to fill a vacancy on the fourth circuit court of appeals in richmond . 
 such a move is the logical promotion for a talented district court judge , or one with the right connections . 
 on the fourth circuit , he would have been one of fifteen judges who considered nothing but cases on appeal . 
 the only rung higher than that is the u.s. supreme court , and it is not clear if fawcett had that ambition . 
 most federal judges do , at one time or another . 
 bill clinton , though , was leaving office , and under something of a cloud . 
 his nominations were stalled in the senate , and when george w. bush was elected , fawcett 's future remained in roanoke . 
 he was fifty-five . 
 his children were already adults or in the process of leaving home . 
 perhaps he succumbed to a midlife crisis of sorts . 
 maybe his marriage was on the rocks . 
 his father-in-law had died and left him out of his will . 
 his former partners were getting rich while he toiled away at workers ' wages , relatively speaking . 
 whatever the reason , judge fawcett became a different man on the bench . 
 in criminal cases , his sentencing became erratic and far less compassionate . 
 in civil cases , he showed much less sympathy for the little guy and sided time and again with powerful interests . 
 judges often change as they mature , but few turn as abruptly as raymond fawcett . 
 the biggest case of his career was a war over uranium mining that began in 2003 . 
 i was still a lawyer then , and i knew the issues and basic details . 
 you could n't avoid it ; there was a story in the newspapers virtually every day . 
 a rich vein of uranium ore runs through central and southern virginia . 
 because the mining of uranium is an environmental nightmare , the state passed a law forbidding it . 
 naturally , the landowners , leaseholders , and mining companies that control the deposits have long wanted to start digging , and they spent millions lobbying lawmakers to lift the ban . 
 but , the virginia general assembly resisted . 
 in 2003 , a canadian company called armanna mines filed a lawsuit in the southern district of virginia attacking the ban as unconstitutional . 
 it was a frontal assault with no holds barred , heavily financed , and led by some of the most expensive legal talent money could buy . 
 as we soon learned , armanna mines was a consortium of mining companies from the u.s. , australia , and russia , as well as canada . 
 an estimate of the potential value of the deposits in virginia alone ranged from $ 15 to $ 20 billion . 
 under the random selection process in effect at the time , the case was assigned to a judge mckay of lynchburg , who was eighty-four years old and suffering from dementia . 
 citing health reasons , he passed . 
 next in line was raymond fawcett , who had no valid reason to recuse himself . 
 the defendant was the commonwealth of virginia , but many others soon joined in . 
 these included cities , towns , and counties situated on top of the deposits , as well as a few landowners who wanted no part of the destruction . 
 the lawsuit became one huge , sprawling mess of litigation with over a hundred lawyers involved . 
 judge fawcett denied the initial motions to dismiss and ordered extensive discovery . 
 before long , he was devoting 90 percent of his time to the lawsuit . 
 in 2004 the fbi entered my life , and i lost interest in the mining case . 
 i suddenly had other , more pressing matters to deal with . 
 my trial started in october 2005 in d.c. by then , the armanna mines trial had been under way for a month in a crowded courtroom in roanoke . 
 at that point , i could not have cared less what happened to the uranium . 
 after a three-week trial , i was convicted and given ten years . 
 after a ten-week trial , judge fawcett ruled in favor of armanna mines . 
 there was no possible connection between the two trials , or so i thought as i went away to prison . 
 soon , though , i met the man who would eventually kill judge fawcett . 
 i know the identity of the murderer , and i know his motive . 
 motive is a baffling question for the fbi . 
 in the weeks after the murder , the task force settles on the armanna mines litigation and interviews dozens of people connected to the trial . 
 a couple of radical environmental groups had sprung up and operated around the fringes of the litigation . 
 these had been closely monitored by the fbi at the time . 
 fawcett had received death threats , and during the trial he had moved around with protection . 
 the threats were thoroughly investigated and found not to be credible , but the bodyguards remained close by . 
 intimidation is an unlikely motive . 
 fawcett has made his decision , and though his name is poison among the environmentalists , he has done his damage . 
 his ruling was confirmed in 2009 by the fourth circuit , and the case is now headed for the u.s. supreme court . 
 pending the appeals , the uranium has not been touched . 
 revenge is a motive , though the fbi says nothing about it . 
 the words `` contract killing '' are being used by some reporters , who apparently have nothing to base this on except for the professionalism of the killings . 
 given the crime scene and the empty safe that was so carefully hidden , robbery seems the likelier motive . 
 every able-bodied federal inmate is required to have a job , and the bureau of prisons controls the pay scale . 
 for the past two years , i have been the librarian , and for my labors i get thirty cents an hour . 
 about half of this money , along with the checks from my father , is subject to the inmate financial responsibility program . 
 the bureau of prisons takes the money and applies it to felony assessments , fines , and restitution . 
 along with my ten-year sentence , i was ordered to pay about $ 120,000 in various penalties . 
 at thirty cents an hour , it will take the rest of this century and then some . 
 other jobs around here include cook , dishwasher , table wiper , floor scrubber , plumber , electrician , carpenter , clerk , orderly , laundry worker , painter , gardener , and teacher . 
 i consider myself lucky . 
 my job is one of the best and does not reduce me to cleaning up after people . 
 i occasionally teach a course in history for inmates pursuing their high school equivalency diplomas . 
 teaching pays thirty-five cents an hour , but i am not tempted by the higher wages . 
 i find it quite depressing because of the low levels of literacy among the prison populations . 
 blacks , whites , browns - it does n't matter . 
 so many of these guys can barely read and write , it makes you wonder what 's happening in our educational system . 
 but i 'm not here to fix the educational system , nor the legal , judicial , or prison systems . 
 i 'm here to survive one day at a time , and in doing so maintain as much self-respect and dignity as possible . 
 we are scum , nobodies , common criminals locked away from society , and reminders of this are never far away . 
 a prison guard is called a correction officer , or simply a co. . 
 never refer to one as a guard . 
 no sir . 
 being a co is far superior ; it 's more of a title . 
 most cos are former cops or deputies or military types who did n't do too well in those jobs and now work in prison . 
 there are a few good ones , but most are losers who are too stupid to realize they are losers . 
 and who are we to tell them ? 
 they are vastly superior to us , regardless of their stupidity , and they enjoy reminding us of this . 
 they rotate cos to avoid one getting too close to an inmate . 
 i suppose this happens , but one of the cardinal rules of inmate survival is to avoid your co as much as possible . 
 treat him with respect ; do exactly what he says ; cause him no trouble ; but , above all , try to avoid him . 
 my current co is not one of the better ones . 
 he is darrel marvin , a thick-chested , potbellied white boy of no more than thirty who tries to swagger but has too much tonnage on his hips . 
 darrel is an ignorant racist who does not like me because i am black and i have two college degrees , which is two more than he has . 
 a fierce , internal battle rages every time i 'm forced to suck up to this thug , but i have no choice . 
 right now , i need him . 
 `` good morning , officer marvin , '' i say with a fake smile as i stop him outside the chow hall . 
 `` what is it , bannister ? '' 
 he growls . 
 i hand over a sheet of paper , an official request form . 
 he takes it and makes a pretense of reading it . 
 i 'm tempted to help him with the longer words but bite my tongue . 
 `` i need to see the warden , '' i say politely . 
 `` why do you want to see the warden ? '' 
 he asks , still trying to read the rather simple request . 
 my business with the warden is of no concern to the co , or anyone else , but to remind darrel of this would only cause trouble . 
 `` my grandmother is almost dead , and i would like to go to her funeral . 
 it 's only sixty miles away . '' 
 `` when do you think she might die ? '' 
 he asks , such a clever smart-ass . 
 `` soon . 
 please , officer marvin , i have not seen her in years . '' 
 `` the warden does not approve crap like this , bannister . 
 you should know this by now . '' 
 `` i know , but the warden owes me a favor . 
 i gave him some legal advice a few months ago . 
 please , just pass it along . '' 
 he folds the sheet of paper and stuffs it into a pocket . 
 `` all right , but it 's a waste of time . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 both of my grandmothers died years ago . 
 nothing in prison is designed for the convenience of the prisoner . 
 the granting or denying of a simple request should take a few hours , but that would be too easy . 
 four days pass before darrel informs me that i am to report to the warden 's office at 10:00 a.m. tomorrow , february 18 . 
 another fake smile , and i say , `` thanks . '' 
 the warden is the king of this little empire , with the expected ego of one who rules by edict or thinks he should . 
 these guys come and go and it 's impossible to understand the purpose of all the transfers . 
 again , it 's not my job to reform our prison system , so i do n't worry about what happens in the administration building . 
 the current one is mr. robert earl wade , a career corrections man who 's all business . 
 he 's fresh off his second divorce , and i did indeed explain to him some of the basics regarding maryland alimony law . 
 i enter his office ; he does not stand or offer a hand or extend any courtesy that might indicate respect . 
 he says , `` hello , bannister , '' as he waves at an empty chair . 
 `` hello , warden wade . 
 how have you been ? '' 
 i ease into the chair . 
 `` i 'm a free man , bannister . 
 number two is history and i 'll never marry again . '' 
 `` nice to hear and glad to help . '' 
 with the warm-up quickly over , he shoves a notepad and says , `` i ca n't let you guys go home for every funeral , bannister , you got ta understand this . '' 
 `` this is not about a funeral , '' i say . 
 `` i have no grandmother . '' 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 `` are you keeping up with the murder investigation of judge fawcett , down in roanoke ? '' 
 he frowns and jerks his head back as if he 's been insulted . 
 i 'm here under false pretenses , and somewhere deep in one of the countless federal manuals there must be a violation for this . 
 as he tries to react , he shakes his head and repeats himself . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 `` the murder of the federal judge . 
 it 's all over the press . '' 
 it 's hard to believe he could have missed the story of the murder , but it 's also entirely possible . 
 just because i read several newspapers a day does n't mean everyone does . 
 `` the federal judge ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` that 's him . 
 they found him with his girlfriend in a lake cabin in southwest virginia , both shot - '' `` sure , sure . 
 i 've seen the stories . 
 what 's this got to do with you ? '' 
 he 's ticked off because i 've lied to him , and he 's trying to think of the appropriate punishment . 
 a supreme and mighty man like a warden can not get himself used by an inmate . 
 robert earl 's eyes are darting around as he decides how to react to my trickery . 
 i need to sound as dramatic as possible because wade will probably laugh when i answer his question . 
 inmates have far too much spare time to develop intricate claims of their innocence , or to cook up conspiracy theories involving unsolved crimes , or to gather secrets that might be swapped for a sudden parole . 
 in short , inmates are always scheming ways to get out , and i 'm sure robert earl has seen and heard it all . 
 `` i know who killed the judge , '' i say as seriously as possible . 
 much to my relief , he does not crack a smile . 
 he rocks back in his chair , pulls at his chin , and begins to nod . 
 `` and how did you come across this information ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i met the killer . '' 
 `` in here or on the outside ? '' 
 `` i ca n't say , warden . 
 but i 'm not bullshitting you . 
 based on what i 'm reading in the press , the fbi investigation is n't going anywhere . 
 and it wo n't . '' 
 my disciplinary record is without blemish . 
 i have never uttered a wrong word to a prison official . 
 i have never complained . 
 there is no contraband in my cell , not even an extra packet of sugar from the chow hall . 
 i do not gamble or borrow money . 
 i have helped dozens of fellow inmates , as well as a few civilians , including the warden , with their legal problems . 
 my library is kept in meticulous order . 
 the point being - for an inmate , i have credibility . 
 he leans forward on his elbows and exposes his yellow teeth . 
 he has dark circles under his eyes , which are always moist . 
 the eyes of a drinker . 
 `` and let me guess , bannister , you would like to share this information with the fbi , cut a deal , and get out of prison . 
 right ? '' 
 `` absolutely , sir . 
 that 's my plan . '' 
 finally , the laugh . 
 a long high-pitched cackle that in itself would be the source of much humor . 
 when he winds down , he says , `` when is your release ? '' 
 `` five years . '' 
 `` oh , so this is a helluva deal , right ? 
 just give them a name , and trot right out of here five years ahead of schedule ? '' 
 `` nothing is that simple . '' 
 `` what do you want me to do , bannister ? '' 
 he snarls , the laughter long gone . 
 `` call the fbi and tell 'em i got ta guy who knows the killer and is ready to cut a deal ? 
 they 're probably getting a hundred calls a day , most from fruitcakes sniffing around for the reward money . 
 why would i risk my credibility playing that game ? '' 
 `` because i know the truth , and you know i 'm not a fruitcake , nor a bullshitter . '' 
 `` why do n't you just write them a letter , keep me out of it ? '' 
 `` i will , if that 's what you want . 
 but you 'll be involved at some point because i swear i 'm going to convince the fbi . 
 we 'll cut our deal , and i 'll say good-bye . 
 you 'll be here for the logistics . '' 
 he slumps back in his chair as if overwhelmed by the pressure of his office . 
 he picks his nose with a thumb . 
 `` you know , bannister , as of this morning i have 602 men here at frostburg , and you are the last one i would expect to sneak in my office with such a screwball idea . 
 the very last . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` do n't mention it . '' 
 i lean forward and stare him in the eyes . 
 `` look , warden , i know what i 'm talking about . 
 i know you ca n't trust an inmate , but just hear me out . 
 i have some extremely valuable information , and the fbi will be desperate to have it . 
 please call them . '' 
 `` i do n't know , bannister . 
 we 'll both look like fools . '' 
 `` please . '' 
 `` i might think about it . 
 now shove off , and tell officer marvin that i denied your request to go to the funeral . '' 
 `` yes sir , and thanks . '' 
 my hunch is that the warden will not be able to resist a little excitement . 
 running a no-security camp filled with well-behaved inmates is a dull job . 
 why not get involved in the most notorious murder investigation in the country ? 
 i leave the administration building and head across the quad , the central area of our camp . 
 on the west side are two dormitories that house 150 men each , and these are matched by identical buildings on the east side of the quad . 
 east campus and west campus , as though one were strolling through a pleasant little college . 
 the cos have a break room near the chow hall , and here i find dear officer marvin . 
 if i set foot inside the break room i would probably be shot or hanged . 
 the metal door is open , though , and i can see inside . 
 marvin is sprawled in a folding chair , cup of coffee in one hand and a thick pastry in the other . 
 he 's laughing along with two other cos. . 
 if hooked by the necks and weighed together on meat scales , the three would push a thousand pounds . 
 `` what do you want , bannister ? '' 
 darrel growls when he sees me . 
 `` just wanted to say thanks , officer . 
 the warden said no , but thanks anyway . '' 
 `` you got it , bannister . 
 sorry about your grandmother . '' 
 and with that , one of the guards kicks the door closed . 
 it slams hard in my face , the metal crashes and vibrates , and for a split second it shakes me to the core . 
 i have heard that sound before . 
 my arrest . 
 the downtown civic club met for lunch each wednesday at the historic george washington hotel , a five-minute walk from my office . 
 there were about seventy-five members , and all but three were white . 
 on that day , i happened to be the only black guy in attendance , not that this was of any significance . 
 i was sitting at a long table , choking down the usual rubber chicken and cold peas and shooting the bull with the mayor and a state farm agent . 
 we had covered the usual topics - the weather and football - and we had touched lightly on politics , but this was always done with great care . 
 it was a typical civic club lunch - thirty minutes for the food , followed by thirty minutes from a speaker who was usually not too exciting . 
 however , on this memorable day i would not be allowed to hear the speech . 
 there was a commotion at the door of the banquet hall , then , suddenly , a squad of heavily armed federal agents swarmed the room as if they were about to kill all of us . 
 a swat team , in complete ninja attire - black uniforms , thick vests , serious firearms , and those german combat helmets made famous by hitler 's troops . 
 one of them yelled , `` malcolm bannister ! '' 
 i instinctively stood and mumbled , `` what the hell ? '' 
 at least five automatic rifles were instantly aimed at me . 
 `` hands up , '' the fearless leader yelled , and i raised my hands . 
 in a matter of seconds my hands were yanked down , slapped together behind me , and for the first time in my life i felt the indescribable pinch of thick cuffs on my wrists . 
 it is a horrible feeling , and unforgettable . 
 i was shoved down the narrow aisle between the dining tables and hustled out of the room . 
 the last thing i heard was the mayor shouting , `` this is an outrage ! '' 
 needless to say , the dramatic invasion put a damper on the rest of the civic club meeting . 
 with these paramilitary goons swarming around me , i was taken through the lobby of the hotel and out the front door . 
 someone had graciously tipped off the local television station , and a camera crew filmed away as i was shoved into the rear seat of a black chevrolet tahoe , a goon on each side . 
 as we headed for the city jail , i said , `` is all of this really necessary ? '' 
 the leader , riding front-seat shotgun , said , `` just shut up , '' without turning around . 
 `` well , i really do n't have to shut up , '' i said . 
 `` you can arrest me , but you ca n't make me shut up . 
 do you realize this ? '' 
 `` just shut up . '' 
 the goon on my right placed the barrel of his rifle on my knee . 
 `` please move that gun , would you ? '' 
 i said , but the gun did not move . 
 we drove on . 
 i said , `` are you guys getting your rocks off on this ? 
 must be terribly exciting to dash about like real tough guys , roughing up innocent people , sort of like the gestapo . '' 
 `` i said shut up . '' 
 `` and i said i 'm not shutting up . 
 you got a warrant for my arrest ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` let me see it . '' 
 `` i 'll show it to you at the jail . 
 for now , just shut up . '' 
 `` why do n't you shut up , okay ? '' 
 i could see a portion of his neck just under his german combat helmet , and it was turning red as he fumed . 
 i took a deep breath and told myself to be cool . 
 the helmet . 
 i had worn the same type during my four years in the marines , four years of active duty that included live combat in the first gulf war . 
 second regiment , eighth battalion , second division , u.s. marine corps . 
 we had been the first u.s. troops to engage the iraqis in kuwait . 
 it was n't much of a fight , but i saw enough dead and wounded on both sides . 
 now i was surrounded by a bunch of toy soldiers who 'd never heard a shot fired in anger and could n't run a mile without collapsing . 
 and they were the good guys . 
 when we arrived at the jail , there was a photographer from the local newspaper . 
 my goons walked me slowly inside , making sure i would be well photographed . 
 their version of the perp walk . 
 i would soon learn that another team of government thugs had raided the offices of copeland , reed and bannister at about the same time i was sitting down for lunch with my fellow civic club members . 
 with brilliant forethought and meticulous planning , the joint strike force waited until the noon hour when the only person in the office was poor mrs. henderson . 
 she reported that they stormed through the front door with guns drawn , yelling , cursing , threatening . 
 they tossed a search warrant on her desk , made her sit in a chair by the window , promised to arrest her if she did little more than breathe , then proceeded to ransack our modest suite of offices . 
 they hauled away all of the computers , printers , and several dozen boxes of files . 
 at some point , mr. copeland returned from lunch . 
 when he protested , a gun was aimed at him , and he took a seat beside a weeping mrs. henderson . 
 my arrest was certainly a surprise . 
 i had been dealing with the fbi for over a year . 
 i had hired a lawyer and we had done everything possible to cooperate . 
 i had passed two polygraph examinations administered by the fbi 's own experts . 
 we had turned over all of the paperwork that i , as a lawyer , could ethically show anyone . 
 i had kept a lot of this from dionne , but she knew i was worried sick . 
 i battled insomnia . 
 i struggled to eat when i had no appetite . 
 finally , after almost twelve months of my living in fear and dreading the knock on the door , the fbi informed my lawyer that the government no longer had any interest in me . 
 the government lied , and not for the first or last time . 
 inside the jail , a place i visited at least twice a week , there was yet another squad of agents . 
 they wore navy parkas with `` fbi '' stamped in bold yellow lettering across the backs , and they buzzed around with great purpose , though i could not tell exactly what they were doing . 
 the local cops , many of whom i knew well , backed away and looked at me with confusion and pity . 
 was it really necessary to send two dozen federal agents to arrest me and confiscate my files ? 
 i had just walked from my office to the george washington hotel . 
 any half-assed cop on his lunch break could have stopped me and made the arrest . 
 but that would take the joy out of what these vastly important people did for a living . 
 they led me to a small room , sat me at a table , removed the handcuffs , and told me to wait . 
 a few minutes later , a man in a dark suit entered the room and said , `` i 'm special agent don connor , fbi . '' 
 `` a real pleasure , '' i said . 
 he dropped some papers on the table in front of me and said , `` this is the warrant for your arrest . '' 
 then he dropped a thick bunch of stapled papers . 
 `` and this is the indictment . 
 i 'll give you a few minutes to read it . '' 
 with that , he turned and left the room , slamming the door behind him as hard as possible . 
 it was a thick metal door , and it crashed and vibrated and the sound rattled around the room for a few seconds . 
 three days after my first meeting with warden wade , i am summoned back to his office . 
 when i walk in , he is alone , on the phone , engaged in an important conversation . 
 i stand awkwardly by the door , waiting . 
 when he finishes his end of the chat , with a rude `` that 'll do , '' he gets to his feet and says , `` follow me . '' 
 we walk through a side door into an adjacent conference room painted in the typical government pale green and equipped with far more metal chairs than could ever be used . 
 an audit last year revealed that the bureau of prisons had purchased , for `` administrative use , '' four thousand chairs at $ 800 per chair . 
 the same manufacturer sold the same chair at wholesale for $ 79 . 
 i should n't care anymore , but working for thirty cents an hour gives one a different perspective when it comes to handling money . 
 `` have a seat , '' he says , and i sit in one of the ugly and overpriced chairs . 
 he selects one across the table because there must always be a barrier between us . 
 i glance around and count twenty-two chairs . 
 let it go . 
 `` i called washington after you left the other day , '' he says gravely , as if he checks in with the white house on a regular basis . 
 `` the bureau advised me to use my own discretion . 
 i kicked it around for a few hours , then got in touch with the fbi down in roanoke . 
 they 've sent two guys up ; they 're waiting down the hall . '' 
 i maintain a poker face , though i am thrilled to hear this . 
 he points a finger at me and says , `` i 'm warning you , bannister . 
 if this turns out to be a scam , and i get embarrassed , then i 'll do whatever i can to make your life miserable . '' 
 `` it 's not a scam , warden , i swear . '' 
 `` i do n't know why i believe you . '' 
 `` you wo n't be sorry . '' 
 from his pocket he removes his reading glasses , perches them halfway down his nose , and looks at a slip of paper . 
 `` i spoke with assistant director victor westlake , the guy in charge of the investigation . 
 he 's sent two of his men to have a chat with you , agent hanski and agent erardi . 
 i did not reveal your name , so they know nothing . '' 
 `` thank you , warden . '' 
 `` stay here . '' 
 he gently slaps the table , gets to his feet , and leaves the room . 
 as i wait and listen for approaching footsteps , there is a sharp pain in my stomach . 
 if this does n't work , i 'm here for five more years , plus anything more they can possibly tack on . 
 special agent chris hanski is the senior guy , about my age with a lot of gray hair . 
 agent alan erardi is his younger sidekick . 
 a newspaper article said there are now forty fbi agents working on the fawcett case , and i assume these guys are pretty far down the chain of command . 
 this first meeting will be important , as will all of them , but they 've clearly sent a couple of foot soldiers to check me out . 
 the warden is not in the room . 
 i figure he 's back in his office , not far away , with an ear stuck to the door . 
 they begin without using pens and notepads , a clear sign they are here for a little amusement . 
 nothing serious . 
 i guess they 're not smart enough to realize i 've spent hours across the table from fbi agents . 
 `` so you want to make a deal , '' hanski says . 
 `` i know who killed judge fawcett , and i know why . 
 if this information is of any value to the fbi , then , yes , we might be able to make a deal . '' 
 `` you 're assuming we do n't already know , '' hanski says . 
 `` i 'm sure you do n't . 
 if you did , why would you be here ? '' 
 `` we were told to be here because we 're checking every possible lead , and we doubt seriously if this will lead anywhere . '' 
 `` try me . '' 
 they exchange cocky looks . 
 fun and games . 
 `` so you give us the name , and what do you get in return ? '' 
 `` i get out of prison , and i get protection . '' 
 `` that simple ? '' 
 `` no , it 's actually very complicated . 
 this guy is a nasty character and he has friends who are even nastier . 
 plus , i 'm not willing to wait two years until he 's convicted . 
 if i give you the name , i get out now . 
 immediately . '' 
 `` what if he 's not convicted ? '' 
 `` that 's your problem . 
 if you screw up the prosecution , you ca n't blame me . '' 
 at this point , erardi takes out his notepad , uncaps a cheap pen , and writes something down . 
 i have their attention . 
 they are still working much too hard to appear nonchalant , but these guys are under pressure . 
 their little task force is scrambling because they have no credible leads , according to the newspapers . 
 hanski continues , `` what if you give us the wrong name ? 
 let 's say we go chasing after the wrong suspect ; meanwhile , you 're a free man . '' 
 `` i 'll never be a free man . '' 
 `` you 'll be out of prison . '' 
 `` and looking over my shoulder for the rest of my life . '' 
 `` we 've never lost an informant in witness protection . 
 over eight thousand and counting . '' 
 `` that 's what you advertise . 
 frankly , i 'm not too concerned with your track record or what did n't happen to the others . 
 i 'm worried about my own skin . '' 
 there is a pause as erardi stops writing and decides to speak . 
 `` this guy sounds like he 's in a gang of some sort , maybe a drug dealer . 
 what else can you tell us ? '' 
 `` nothing , and i 've told you nothing . 
 you can make all the wild guesses you want . '' 
 hanski smiles at nothing that is humorous . 
 `` i doubt if our boss will be too impressed with your scheme to get out of prison . 
 as of today , we 've had at least two other inmates contact us and claim to have valuable information . 
 of course , they want out of prison too . 
 this is not unusual . '' 
 i have no way of knowing if this is true , but it sounds believable . 
 the knot in my stomach has not gone away . 
 i shrug , offer a smile , tell myself to stay cool . 
 `` you guys can play it any way you want . 
 obviously , you 're in charge . 
 you can keep beating your heads against a wall . 
 you can waste time with these other inmates . 
 it 's up to you . 
 but when you want to know the name of the person who killed judge fawcett , i can give it to you . '' 
 `` someone you met in prison ? '' 
 erardi asks . 
 `` or maybe out of prison . 
 you 'll never know until we have a deal . '' 
 there is a long pause as they stare at me and i stare right back . 
 finally , erardi closes his notepad and sticks his pen back in his pocket . 
 hanski says , `` okay . 
 we 'll go tell our boss . '' 
 `` you know where to find me . '' 
 several times a week , i meet my white gang at the track , and we walk in wide circles around a field used for soccer and flag football . 
 carl , the optometrist , will be out in a few months . 
 kermit , the land speculator , has two more years . 
 wesley , the state senator , should get out about the same time i do . 
 mark is the only one with his case still on appeal . 
 he 's been here for eighteen months and says his lawyer is optimistic , though he freely admits he falsified some mortgage documents . 
 we do n't talk much about our crimes , and this is usually true in prison . 
 who you were or what you did on the outside is not important , and it 's also too painful to dwell on . 
 the fbi 's temporary headquarters for its fawcett task force was a warehouse in an industrial park near the roanoke regional airport . 
 when last occupied , the space had been leased by a company that imported shrimp from central america and froze it for years . 
 almost immediately it was tagged `` the freezer . '' 
 it offered plenty of space , seclusion , and privacy away from the press . 
 carpenters hurriedly built walls and sectioned off rooms , offices , hallways , and meeting places . 
 technicians from washington worked around the clock to install the latest high-tech gear and gadgets for communication , data , and security . 
 trucks filled with rented furniture and equipment ran nonstop until the cc - command center - was stuffed with more desks and tables than would ever be used . 
 a fleet of rented suvs filled the parking lot . 
 a catering service was hired to haul in three meals a day for the team , which soon numbered close to seventy - about forty agents plus support staff . 
 there was no budget and no concern for costs . 
 the victim was , after all , a federal judge . 
 a lease was signed for six months , but after three weeks of little progress there was a general mood among the feds that they might be there longer . 
 aside from a short list of randomly picked suspects , all of whom were known to be violent and had appeared before fawcett in the past eighteen years , there were no real leads . 
 a man named stacks had written the judge a threatening letter in 2002 from prison . 
 stacks was found working in a liquor store in panama city beach , florida , and had an alibi for the weekend the judge and ms. clary were murdered . 
 stacks had not set foot in virginia in at least five years . 
 a narco-trafficker named ruiz had cursed his honor in spanish when given a twenty-year sentence in 1999 . 
 ruiz was still in a medium-security prison , but after a few days digging through his past , the fbi decided his former cadre of coke runners were all either dead or in prison too . 
 one team methodically sifted through every case fawcett handled during his eighteen years on the bench . 
 he had been a workhorse , handling 300 cases each year , both civil and criminal , while the average for a federal judge is 225 . 
 judge fawcett had sentenced approximately thirty-one hundred men and women to prison . 
 laboring under the admittedly shaky assumption that his killer was one of these , a team burned hundreds of hours adding names to its list of possible suspects and then discarding them . 
 another team studied the cases , both civil and criminal , pending before the judge when he was murdered . 
 another team spent all of its time on the armanna mines litigation , with particular attention paid to a couple of flaky environmental extremists who did n't like fawcett . 
 from the moment it got itself organized , the freezer was a swarming hive of tension , with urgent meetings , frayed nerves , dead ends by the hour , careers on the line , and someone always barking from washington . 
 the press called nonstop . 
 the bloggers were feeding the frenzy with creative and blatantly false rumors . 
 then an inmate named malcolm bannister entered the picture . 
 the task force was run by victor westlake , a thirty-year career agent who had a nice office with a nice view in the hoover building on pennsylvania avenue in washington . 
 however , for almost three weeks now he had been holed up in a freshly painted room with no windows in the center of the cc . 
 it was by no means his first road trip . 
 westlake had made his name years earlier as a master organizer who could rush to the scene of the crime , line up the troops , handle a thousand details , plan the attack , and solve the crime . 
 he had once spent a year in a motel near buffalo stalking a genius who got his kicks sending parcel bombs to federal meat inspectors . 
 turned out to be the wrong genius , but westlake did not make the mistake of arresting his prey . 
 two years later he nailed his bomber . 
 westlake was in his office , standing as always behind his desk , when agents hanski and erardi entered . 
 since their boss was standing , they stood too . 
 he believed that it was unhealthy , even deadly , to sit for hours behind a desk . 
 `` okay , i 'm listening , '' he barked , snapping his fingers . 
 hanski quickly said , `` guy 's name is malcolm bannister , black male , aged forty-three , in for ten for rico violations , federal court in d.c. , former lawyer from winchester , virginia . 
 says he can deliver the name of the killer , along with his motive , but of course he wants out of prison . '' 
 erardi added , `` out immediately , but also protection . '' 
 `` what a surprise . 
 a con wants out . 
 is he believable ? '' 
 hanski shrugged . 
 `` for a con , i suppose . 
 the warden says the guy is not a bullshitter , record is squeaky-clean , says we should listen to the guy . '' 
 `` what 'd he give you ? '' 
 `` absolutely nothing . 
 the guy is pretty smart . 
 he might actually know something , and if he does , then this may be his only chance to walk . '' 
 westlake began to pace behind his desk , across the slick concrete floor , to one wall with fresh sawdust scattered in front of it . 
 he paced back to his desk . 
 `` what kind of lawyer was he ? 
 criminal ? 
 drug dealers ? '' 
 hanski replied , `` small town , general practice , some criminal experience , not much trial work , though . 
 a former marine . '' 
 as a former marine himself , westlake liked this . 
 `` his military record ? '' 
 `` four years , honorable discharge , fought in the first gulf war . 
 his father was a marine and a virginia state trooper . '' 
 `` what took him down ? '' 
 `` you 're not going to believe it . 
 barry the backhander . '' 
 westlake frowned and smiled at the same time . 
 `` come on . '' 
 `` seriously . 
 he handled some real estate transactions for barry and got caught up in the storm . 
 as you 'll recall , the jury nailed them on rico and conspiracy charges . 
 i think there were eight of them tried at the same time . 
 bannister was a small fish who got caught in a wide net . '' 
 `` any connection to fawcett ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 we just got his name three hours ago . '' 
 `` you got a plan ? '' 
 `` sort of , '' hanski said . 
 `` if we assume bannister knows the killer , then it 's safe to assume they met in prison . 
 doubtful that he would have met the guy on the quiet streets of winchester ; much more likely that their paths crossed in prison . 
 bannister has been in for five years , with the first twenty-two months in louisville , kentucky , a medium-security prison with a population of two thousand . 
 since then he 's been at frostburg , a camp with six hundred inmates . '' 
 `` that 's a lot of people ; plus , they come and go , '' westlake said . 
 `` right , so let 's start at the logical place . 
 let 's get his prison records , the names of his cell mates , maybe dorm mates . 
 we 'll go to the two prisons , talk to the wardens , the unit managers , the cos , talk to anyone who might know something about bannister and his friends . 
 we 'll begin collecting names and we 'll see how many crossed paths with fawcett . '' 
 erardi added , `` he says the killer has nasty friends , thus the desire for protection . 
 sounds like a gang of some variety . 
 once we start adding names , we 'll concentrate on those with gang connections . '' 
 a pause , then a doubtful westlake said , `` and that 's it ? '' 
 `` it 's the best we can do for now . '' 
 westlake clicked his heels together , arched his back , gripped his hands behind his head , and breathed deeply . 
 he stretched , and breathed , and stretched , then said , `` okay . 
 collect the prison records and get started . 
 how many hands do you need ? '' 
 `` can you spare two men ? '' 
 `` no , but you can have them . 
 go . 
 get started . '' 
 barry the backhander . 
 the client i never met until they dragged us into federal court one gray morning and read the entire indictment aloud . 
 in a ham-and-egg storefront law office , you learn the basics of many mundane legal tasks , but it 's difficult to specialize . 
 i tried to avoid divorce and bankruptcy and i never liked real estate , but to survive i often had to take who and what walked in the door . 
 oddly , it would be real estate that brought about the fall . 
 the referral came from a law school pal who was working for a midsized firm in central d.c. . 
 the firm had a client who wished to purchase a hunting lodge in shenandoah county , in the foothills of the allegheny mountains , about an hour southwest of winchester . 
 the client desired great secrecy and demanded anonymity , which should have been the first warning sign . 
 the purchase price was $ 4 million , and after some haggling , i negotiated a flat fee of $ 100,000 for copeland , reed and bannister to handle the transaction . 
 such a fee had never been seen by me or my partners , and we were excited , initially . 
 i set my other files aside and went to research the land records in shenandoah county . 
 the lodge was about twenty years old and had been built by some doctors who enjoyed grouse hunting , but as happens with many such ventures , the partners had reached a disagreement . 
 a serious one , involving lawyers and lawsuits , even a bankruptcy or two . 
 after a couple of weeks , though , i had things sorted out and delivering a clean title opinion to my still anonymous client would be no problem . 
 a closing date was set and i prepared all the necessary contracts and deeds . 
 there was a lot of paperwork , but then again we were going to earn a rather fat fee . 
 the closing was delayed a month , and i asked my law school pal for $ 50,000 , or half of the attorneys ' fees . 
 this was not uncommon , and since i had invested a hundred hours at this point , i wanted to get paid . 
 he called back to say the client would not agree . 
 no big deal , i thought . 
 in a typical real estate transaction , the attorneys are not paid until the closing takes place . 
 i was informed that my client , a corporation , had changed its name . 
 i redrafted the documents and waited . 
 the closing was again delayed , and the sellers began threatening to walk away . 
 during this time , i was vaguely aware of the name and reputation of a beltway operative by the name of barry rafko or , more famously , barry the backhander . 
 he was about fifty years old and for most of his adult life had been rummaging around d.c. looking for a lazy way to make a buck . 
 he had been a consultant , a strategist , an analyst , a fund-raiser , and a spokesman , and he had worked at the lower levels of a few election campaigns of congressmen and senators , both democratic and republican . 
 did n't matter to barry . 
 if he was getting paid he could strategize and analyze from either side of the street . 
 he hit his stride , though , when he and a partner opened a lounge near the capitol . 
 barry hired some young hookers to tend bar in miniskirts , and almost overnight the place became a favorite meat market for the legions of staffers who swarm the hill . 
 low-ranking congressmen and mid-ranking bureaucrats discovered the place , and barry was on the map . 
 with his pockets full of cash , his next venture was an upscale steak house two blocks from his lounge . 
 he catered to lobbyists and offered great steaks and wines at reasonable prices , and before long senators were getting their preferred tables . 
 barry loved sports and bought lots of tickets - redskins , capitals , wizards , georgetown hoyas - which he gave away to his friends . 
 by this time he had founded his own `` governmental relations '' firm and it was growing rapidly . 
 he and his partner had a fight , and barry bought his interest in their holdings . 
 alone , wealthy , and fueled by ambition , barry set his sights on the top of his profession . 
 unrestrained by ethical considerations , he became one of the most aggressive purveyors of influence in washington . 
 if a rich client wanted a new loophole in the tax code , barry could hire someone to write it , insert it , convince his friends to support it , and then do a masterful job of covering it up . 
 if a rich client needed to expand a factory back home , barry could arrange a deal whereby the congressman would secure the earmark , send the money home to the factory , and pocket a sizable check for his reelection efforts . 
 everyone would be thrilled . 
 in his first brush with the law , he was accused of slipping cash to a senior adviser to a u.s. senator . 
 the charge did n't stick but the nickname did : barry the backhander . 
 because he operated on the sleazier side of an often sleazy business , barry knew the power of money , and sex . 
 his yacht on the potomac became a notorious love boat , famous for wild parties and plenty of young women . 
 he owned a golf course in south carolina where he took members of congress for long weekends , usually without their wives . 
 for barry , though , the more powerful he became , the more risks he was willing to take . 
 old friends drifted away , frightened by troubles that seemed inevitable . 
 his name was mentioned in an ethics investigation in the house . 
 the washington post picked up his scent , and barry rafko , a man who had always craved attention , was getting more than his share . 
 i had no idea , no real way of knowing , that the hunting lodge was one of his projects . 
 the corporate name changed again ; the paperwork was redone . 
 another closing was delayed , then a new proposal : my client wanted to lease the lodge for one year at the rate of $ 200,000 a month , with all rentals to be applied to the purchase price . 
 this led to a week of intense bickering , but a deal was finally reached . 
 i reworked the contracts again and insisted my firm be paid half of our fee . 
 this was done , and mr. copeland and mr. reed were somewhat relieved . 
 when the contracts were finally signed , my client was an offshore company operating on the tiny island of st. kitts , and i still had no idea who was behind it . 
 the contracts were signed by an unseen corporate representative down there in the caribbean and shipped overnight to my office . 
 as per our agreement , my client would wire into our law firm trust account the sum of $ 450,000 and some change , enough to cover the lease payments for the first two months , plus the remainder of our fee , plus some miscellaneous expenses . 
 i would in turn write a $ 200,000 check to the sellers for each of the first two months , then my client would replenish the account . 
 after twelve months of this , the lease would be converted to a sale , with our little firm due another sizable fee . 
 when the wired funds hit our bank , the banker called to inform me that our trust account had just received $ 4.5 million , as opposed to $ 450,000 . 
 i figured someone got carried away with the zeros ; plus , there could be worse things than having far too much money in the bank . 
 but something did n't add up . 
 i tried to contact the shell company that was technically my client on st. kitts but got the runaround . 
 i contacted the law school pal who had referred the case , and he promised to look into the matter . 
 i distributed the first month 's rent and the attorneys ' fee to our firm and waited for instructions to wire out the excess . 
 days passed , then weeks . 
 a month later , the banker called to say that another $ 3 million had just landed in our trust account . 
 by this time , mr. reed and mr. copeland were deeply disturbed . 
 i instructed my banker to get rid of the money - wire it back to the source from whence it came , and do so quickly . 
 he grappled with this for a couple of days , only to find that the account in st. kitts had been closed . 
 finally , my law school pal e-mailed me instructions to wire half the money to an account in grand cayman and the other half to an account in panama . 
 as a small-time lawyer , i had zero experience wiring money to numbered accounts , but a few moments of light google research revealed that i was walking blindly through some of the most notorious tax havens in the world . 
 i wished i had never agreed to work for the anonymous client , in spite of the money . 
 the wire to panama bounced back - some $ 3.5 million . 
 i yelled at my law school pal and he yelled at someone up the line . 
 the money stayed put for two months , drawing interest , though we could not ethically keep any of it . 
 ethics also required me to take all steps necessary to protect this unwanted money . 
 it was not mine and i certainly made no claim to it , but , nonetheless , i had to safeguard it . 
 innocently , or perhaps stupidly , i had allowed the tainted money of barry the backhander to rest under the control of copeland , reed and bannister . 
 once he had possession of the hunting lodge , barry did a quick renovation , spruced it up a little , built a spa , and put in a heliport . 
 he leased a sikorsky s-76 helicopter , and it took about twenty minutes to haul ten of barry 's best friends from d.c. to the hunting lodge . 
 on a typical friday afternoon , several shuttles were made and the partying began . 
 by this time in his career he had cast aside most bureaucrats and lobbyists and concentrated primarily on congressmen and their chiefs of staff . 
 at the lodge , everything was available : great food and wine , cuban cigars , drugs , thirty-year-old scotch , and twenty-year-old women . 
 an occasional grouse hunt got organized , but the guests were usually more preoccupied with the stunning collection of tall blondes at their disposal . 
 the girl was from ukraine . 
 during the trial - my trial - her handler said , in thickly accented english , that he had been paid $ 100,000 cash for the girl , who was taken to the hunting lodge and given a room . 
 the cash had been handed over by a thug who testified , for the prosecution , that he had been one of barry 's many bagmen . 
 the girl died . 
 the autopsy revealed she had overdosed after a long night of partying with barry and his friends from washington . 
 there were rumors that she failed to wake up one morning while in bed with a u.s. congressman , though this could not be proven . 
 barry circled the wagons long before the authorities arrived on the scene . 
 whom the girl had slept with during her last night on earth would never be revealed . 
 a media storm erupted around barry , his businesses , his friends , his jets , yachts , helicopters , restaurants , resorts , and the width and depth of his sordid influence . 
 as the press stampeded to barry , his cronies and clients sprinted away . 
 outraged members of congress chased down reporters and demanded hearings and investigations . 
 the story turned much worse when the girl 's mother was located in kiev . 
 she produced a birth certificate showing her late daughter to be only sixteen years old . 
 a sixteen-year-old sex slave partying with members of congress at a hunting lodge in the allegheny mountains , barely a two-hour drive from the u.s. capitol . 
 the original indictment ran on for a hundred pages and accused fourteen defendants of an astonishing variety of crimes . 
 i was one of the fourteen , and my alleged crime had been what is commonly known as money laundering . 
 by allowing one of barry rafko 's faceless corporations to park money in my firm 's trust account , i had supposedly helped him take dirty cash he pilfered from clients , scrub it up a bit offshore , then turn it into a valuable asset - the hunting lodge . 
 i was also accused of helping barry hide money from the fbi , the irs , and others . 
 pretrial maneuvering eliminated some of the defendants ; several were allowed to peel off and either cooperate with the government or have their own separate trials . 
 my lawyer and i filed twenty-two motions from the day i was indicted until the day i went to trial , and only one was granted . 
 and it was a useless win . 
 the department of justice , through its fbi and u.s. attorney 's office in d.c. , threw everything it had against barry rafko and his confederates , including one congressman and one of his aides . 
 it did n't matter if a couple of us might be innocent , nor did it matter that our version of the truth would be distorted by the government . 
 there i was , sitting in a crowded courtroom with seven other defendants , including the most nefarious political operative washington had produced in decades . 
 i was guilty all right . 
 guilty of stupidity for allowing myself to fall into such a mess . 
 after the jury was selected , the u.s. attorney offered me one last deal . 
 plead to one rico violation , pay a fine of $ 10,000 , and serve two years . 
 mr. victor westlake assistant director , fbi hoover building please forward 935 pennsylvania avenue washington , d.c. 20535 dear mr. westlake : my name is malcolm bannister , and i am an inmate at the federal prison camp at frostburg , maryland . 
 on monday , february 21 , 2011 , i met with two of your agents investigating the murder of judge fawcett - agents hanski and erardi . 
 nice guys and all , but i got the feeling they were not too impressed with me and my story . 
 according to this morning 's reports in the washington post , new york times , wall street journal , and roanoke times , you and your team are still chasing your tails and do n't have much of a clue . 
 i have no way of knowing if you have a list of credible suspects , but i can guarantee you the real killer is not on any list compiled by you and your team . 
 as i explained to hanski and erardi , i know the identity of the killer , and i know his motive . 
 in case hanski and erardi screwed up the details , and by the way their note taking was not too impressive , here is my idea of a deal : i reveal the killer , and you -lrb- the government -rrb- agree to my release from prison . 
 i will not consider some type of conditional suspension of my sentence . 
 i will not consider parole . 
 i walk out , a free man , with a new identity and protection by the guys on your side . 
 obviously , such a deal will necessitate the involvement of the department of justice and the u.s. attorney 's offices in both the northern and the southern districts of virginia . 
 also , i want the reward money , to which i will be entitled . 
 according to the roanoke times this morning , it has just been increased to $ 150,000 . 
 please feel free to continue chasing your tails . 
 as a couple of former marines , we really should talk . 
 you know where to find me . 
 sincerely , malcolm bannister # 44861-127 my celly is a nineteen-year-old black kid from baltimore , in for eight years for selling crack . 
 gerard is like a thousand other guys i 've seen in the past five years , a young black from the inner cities whose mother was a teenager when he was born and whose father was long gone . 
 he dropped out of school in the tenth grade and found a job as a dishwasher . 
 when his mother went to prison , he moved in with his grandmother , who was also raising a horde of cousins . 
 he started using crack , then selling it . 
 in spite of a life on the streets , gerard is a kindly soul with no mean streak . 
 he has no history of violence and no business wasting his life in prison . 
 he 's one of a million young blacks being warehoused by the taxpayers . 
 we 're approaching 2.5 million prisoners in this country , by far the highest rate of incarceration in any semicivilized nation . 
 it 's not unusual to get a celly you really do n't like . 
 i had one who required little sleep , and he played his ipod throughout the night . 
 he had earphones , which are required after 10:00 p.m. , but the volume was so high i could still hear the music . 
 it took me three months to get a transfer . 
 gerard , though , understands the rules . 
 he told me he once slept in an abandoned car for weeks and almost froze to death . 
 anything is better than that . 
 gerard and i begin each day at 6:00 a.m. when a buzzer wakes us . 
 we dress quickly in our prison work clothes , careful to give each other as much space as our ten-by-twelve cell will allow . 
 we make our bunks . 
 he has the top one , and because of my seniority i have the bottom . 
 at 6:30 , we hustle over to the chow hall for breakfast . 
 the chow hall has invisible barriers that dictate where one sits and eats . 
 there is a section for the blacks , one for the whites , and one for the browns . 
 intermingling is frowned upon and almost never happens . 
 even though frostburg is a camp , it is still a prison , with a lot of stress . 
 one of the most important rules of etiquette is to respect each other 's space . 
 never cut in line . 
 never reach for anything . 
 if you want the salt and pepper , ask someone to pass them , please . 
 at louisville , my prior home , fights were not unusual in the chow hall , and they were usually started when some jackass with sharp elbows infringed on someone else 's space . 
 here , though , we eat slowly and with manners that are surprising for a bunch of convicted criminals . 
 out of our cramped cells , we enjoy the wider spaces of the chow hall . 
 there is a lot of ribbing , and crude jokes , and talk of women . 
 i 've known men who spent time in the hole , or solitary confinement , and the worst part of it is the lack of social interaction . 
 a few handle it well , but most start cracking up after a few days . 
 even the worst loners , and there are plenty of them in prison , need people around them . 
 after breakfast , gerard reports to work as a janitor scrubbing floors . 
 i have an hour of downtime before i report to the library , and this is when i walk over to the coffee room and start reading newspapers . 
 again , today , there appears to be little progress in the fawcett investigation . 
 interestingly , though , his oldest son complained to a reporter from the post that the fbi is doing a lousy job of keeping the family updated . 
 no response from the fbi . 
 with each passing day , the pressure mounts . 
 yesterday a reporter wrote that the fbi was interested in the former husband of naomi clary . 
 their divorce three years ago had been contentious , with both parties accusing the other of adultery . 
 according to the reporter , his sources were telling him the fbi had interrogated this ex-husband at least twice . 
 the library is in an annex that also houses a small chapel and nurses ' station . 
 it is exactly forty feet long and thirty feet wide , with four cubicles for privacy , five desktop computers , and three long tables where inmates are allowed to read , write , and do research . 
 there are also ten stacked tiers that hold , at any given time , about fifteen hundred books , mostly hardbacks . 
 at frostburg , we are allowed to keep up to ten paperbacks in our cells , though virtually everyone has more . 
 an inmate may visit the library in his off-hours , and the rules are fairly flexible . 
 two books per week may be checked out , and i spend half of my time keeping up with past-due books . 
 i spend a fourth of my time as a jailhouse lawyer , and today i have a new client . 
 roman comes to me from a small town in north carolina where he owned a pawnshop that specialized in fencing stolen goods , guns primarily . 
 his suppliers were a couple of gangs of coke-crazed idiots who robbed fine homes in broad daylight . 
 possessing not the slightest hint of sophistication , the thieves were caught in the act and within minutes were squealing on each other . 
 roman was soon dragged in and hit with all manner of federal violations . 
 he pleaded ignorance , but it turns out his court-appointed lawyer was without a doubt the dumbest person in the courtroom . 
 i do not claim to be an expert on criminal law , but any green first-year law student could catalog the mistakes made by roman 's lawyer during the trial . 
 roman was convicted and sentenced to seven years , and his case is now on appeal . 
 he hauls in his `` legal papers , '' the same pile every inmate is allowed to keep in his cell , and we go through them in my little office , a cubicle littered with my personal stuff and off-limits to every other inmate . 
 roman will not shut up ranting about how bad his defense lawyer was , and it does n't take me long to agree . 
 iac -lrb- ineffective assistance of counsel -rrb- is a common complaint for those convicted at trial , but it 's rarely grounds for an appellate reversal in non-death-penalty cases . 
 i 'm excited by the possibility of attacking the lousy performance of a lawyer who 's still out there , still making a living and pretending to be much better than he is . 
 i spend an hour with roman and we make an appointment for another meeting . 
 i 'm back in the warden 's office and something is up . 
 he 's wearing a dark suit , starched white shirt , paisley tie , and his pointed-toe cowboy boots are fairly gleaming with fresh wax and polish . 
 he 's still smug as ever but somewhat twitchy . 
 `` i do n't know what you told them , bannister , '' he 's saying , `` but they like your story . 
 i hate to repeat myself , but if this is your idea of a prank , then you 'll pay dearly for it . '' 
 `` it 's not a prank , sir . '' 
 i suspect the warden was eavesdropping next door and knows exactly what i told them . 
 `` they sent four agents here two days ago , snooped all over the place , wanted to know who you hung out with , who you did legal work for , who you played checkers with , where you worked , who you ate with , who you showered with , who you celled with , and on and on . '' 
 `` i shower alone . '' 
 `` i guess they 're trying to figure out who your buddies are , is that right ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , sir , but i 'm not surprised . 
 i figured as much . '' 
 i knew the fbi was snooping around frostburg , though i did not see the agents . 
 secrets are extremely hard to keep in prison , especially when outsiders appear and start asking questions . 
 in my opinion , and based on some experience , it was a clumsy way to dig into my background . 
 `` well , they 're back , '' he says . 
 `` they 'll be here at ten and they said it might take some time . '' 
 it is five minutes before 10:00 a.m. . 
 the same sharp pain hits my gut again , and i try to breathe deeply without appearing obvious . 
 i shrug , as if it 's no big deal . 
 `` who 's coming ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` hell if i know . '' 
 seconds later , his phone buzzes , and his secretary relays a message . 
 we 're in the same room adjacent to the warden 's office . 
 he , of course , is not present . 
 agents hanski and erardi are back , along with a fierce young man named dunleavy , an assistant u.s. attorney from the southern district of virginia , roanoke office . 
 i 'm gathering steam , gaining credibility and curiosity . 
 my little group of interrogators is looking more impressive . 
 though dunleavy is the youngest of the three , he is a federal prosecutor , and the other two are simply federal cops . 
 therefore , dunleavy has seniority at this moment and seems rather full of himself , not an unusual posture for a man in such a position . 
 he ca n't be more than five years out of law school , and i assume he 'll do most of the talking . 
 `` obviously , mr. bannister , '' he begins with an obnoxious condescending tone , `` we would n't be here if we did n't have some interest in your little story . '' 
 little story . 
 what a prick . 
 `` can i call you malcolm ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` let 's stick with mr. bannister and mr. dunleavy , for now anyway , '' i respond . 
 i 'm an inmate , and i have n't been called mr. bannister in years . 
 i kind of like the sound of it . 
 `` you got it , '' he snaps , then quickly reaches into a pocket . 
 he pulls out a slender recording device and places it on the table , halfway between me on one side and the three of them on the other . 
 `` i 'd like to record our conversation , if that 's okay . '' 
 and with that , my cause takes a giant leap forward . 
 a week ago , hanski and erardi were reluctant to remove their pens and take a few notes . 
 now the government wants to capture every word . 
 i shrug and say , `` i do n't care . '' 
 he flips a switch and says , `` now , you say you know who killed judge fawcett , and you want to swap this information for a ticket out of here . 
 and once out , you want our protection . 
 that the basic structure of the arrangement ? '' 
 `` you got it , '' i say , mimicking his own words . 
 `` why should we believe you ? '' 
 `` because i know the truth , and because you guys are nowhere near it . '' 
 `` how do you know this ? '' 
 `` i just do . 
 if you had a serious suspect , you would n't be here talking to me . '' 
 `` are you in contact with the killer ? '' 
 `` i 'm not answering that question . '' 
 `` you got ta give us something , mr. bannister , something that will make us feel better about this little deal of yours . '' 
 `` i would n't characterize it as little . '' 
 `` then we 'll call it whatever you want . 
 why do n't you explain it . 
 how do you see this big deal happening ? '' 
 `` okay . 
 it has to be a secret , highly confidential . 
 we have a written agreement , approved by the u.s. attorney 's offices in both the northern district , where i was prosecuted and sentenced , and the southern district , where this investigation is taking place . 
 judge slater , who sentenced me , will have to sign off on the agreement . 
 once we 've agreed , then i 'll give you the name of the killer . 
 you grab him , investigate him , and when the grand jury indicts him for the murder , i will suddenly be transferred to another prison . 
 except i will not be serving any more time . 
 i leave here as though i 'm being transferred , but instead i go into your witness protection program . 
 my sentence will be commuted , my record expunged , my name changed , and i 'll probably want some plastic surgery to alter my appearance . 
 i 'll get new papers , new looks , a nice federal job somewhere , and , to boot , i get the reward money . '' 
 three stone faces stare at me . 
 dunleavy finally says , `` is that all ? '' 
 `` that 's it . 
 and it 's not negotiable . '' 
 `` wow , '' dunleavy mumbles , as if in shock . 
 `` i guess you 've had plenty of time to think about this . '' 
 `` far more than you . '' 
 `` what if you 're wrong ? 
 what if we pick up the wrong guy , somehow get an indictment , you walk , then we ca n't prove a case ? '' 
 `` that 'll be your problem . 
 you screw up the prosecution , then it 's your fault . '' 
 `` okay , but once we have our man , how much evidence will there be ? '' 
 `` you have the entire federal government at your disposal . 
 certainly you guys can find enough evidence once you have the killer . 
 i ca n't do everything for you . '' 
 for drama , dunleavy stands and stretches and paces to one end of the room , as if tortured and deep in thought . 
 then he returns , takes his seat , glares at me . 
 `` i think we 're wasting our time here , '' he says , a bad bluff delivered lamely by a kid who has no business even being in the room . 
 hanski , the veteran , lowers his head slightly and blinks his eyes . 
 he ca n't believe how bad this guy is . 
 erardi never takes his eyes off me , and i can sense the desperation . 
 i can also feel the tension between the fbi and the u.s. attorney 's office , which is not at all unusual . 
 i slowly get to my feet and say , `` you 're right . 
 we 're wasting our time . 
 i 'm not meeting with you again until you boys send in someone with more than peach fuzz . 
 i 've given you my deal , and the next time we chat i want mr. victor westlake at the table , along with one of your bosses , mr. dunleavy . 
 and if you 're in the room , then i 'll walk out . '' 
 with that , i leave . 
 i glance back as i close the door , and hanski is rubbing his temples . 
 they 'll be back . 
 the meeting could have been scheduled to take place at the hoover building on pennsylvania avenue , in washington . 
 victor westlake would have been happy to return home briefly , see the boss , check on his staff , have a nice dinner with his family , and so on . 
 however , the director wanted to take a quick road trip . 
 he needed to get away from the building for a few hours , so he loaded his entourage onto a sleek private jet , one of four controlled by the fbi , and took off for roanoke , a forty-minute flight . 
 his name was george mctavey , aged sixty-one , a career man and not a political appointee , though his politics currently had him in hot water with the president . 
 according to the relentless gossip inside the beltway , mctavey was barely hanging on to his job . 
 the president wanted a new director of the fbi . 
 after fourteen years , mctavey needed to go . 
 morale was low inside the hoover building , so the gossip went . 
 in the past few months , mctavey rarely passed up a chance to leave washington , if only for a few hours . 
 and it was almost refreshing to focus on such an old-fashioned crime as murder . 
 he had been fighting terror for ten years now , and there had yet to be even the slightest hint that fawcett 's death was related to al-qaeda or homegrown cells . 
 gone were the glory days of fighting organized crime and chasing counterfeiters . 
 in roanoke , a black suv was waiting at the bottom of the jet 's staircase , and mctavey and his team were rushed away as if snipers were watching and waiting . 
 a minute later they rolled to a stop outside the freezer and hustled inside . 
 a field visit by the director had two purposes . 
 the first was to raise the spirits of the task force and let them know that in spite of their lack of progress their work had the highest priority . 
 the second was to ratchet up the pressure . 
 after a quick tour of the makeshift facilities and a round of handshakes that would have impressed a politician , director mctavey was led to the largest meeting room for the briefing . 
 he sat next to victor westlake , an old friend , and they munched on doughnuts as a senior investigator gave a windy summary of the latest , which was n't much at all . 
 mctavey did n't need to be briefed in person . 
 since the murder , he 'd been talking to westlake at least twice a day . 
 `` let 's talk about this bannister fellow , '' mctavey said after half an hour of a dull narrative that was going nowhere . 
 another report was quickly passed around the table . 
 `` this is the latest , '' westlake said . 
 `` we started with high school classmates , then moved on to college and law school , and there are no viable suspects . 
 no record of any friends or close acquaintances , of no one , really , who ever crossed paths with judge fawcett . 
 no gang members or drug dealers or serious criminals . 
 next we tracked down as many of his former clients as possible , though this was difficult because we ca n't get access to a lot of his old files . 
 again , no one of interest there . 
 he did the small-town-lawyer gig for about ten years , with two older african-american lawyers , and it was a squeaky-clean operation . '' 
 `` did he do business in judge fawcett 's court ? '' 
 mctavey asked . 
 `` there 's no record of him handling a case there . 
 he did n't do much federal work , and besides he was in the northern district of virginia . 
 it 's fair to say that mr. bannister was not a widely sought-after trial lawyer . '' 
 `` so you believe that whoever killed fawcett is someone mr. bannister met in prison , assuming , of course , we believe he knows the truth . '' 
 `` correct . 
 he served the first twenty-two months of his sentence in louisville , kentucky , a medium-security facility with two thousand inmates . 
 he had three different cell mates , and he worked in the laundry and the kitchen . 
 he also developed his skills as a jailhouse lawyer and actually helped at least five inmates get out of prison . 
 we have a list of about fifty men he probably knew fairly well , but frankly it 's impossible to know everyone he came into contact with at louisville . 
 and the same at frostburg . 
 he 's been there for the past three years and has served time with a thousand men . '' 
 `` how long is your list ? '' 
 mctavey asked . 
 `` we have about 110 names , give or take , but we do n't feel too confident about most of these guys . '' 
 `` how many were sentenced by fawcett ? '' 
 `` six . '' 
 `` so there 's no clear suspect in bannister 's prison history ? '' 
 `` not yet , but we 're still digging . 
 bear in mind , this is our second theory , the one that assumes whoever killed the judge was carrying a grudge because of a bad outcome in his court . 
 our first theory is that it was an old-fashioned murder-robbery . '' 
 `` do you have a third theory ? '' 
 mctavey asked . 
 `` the jealous ex-husband of the dead secretary , '' westlake replied . 
 `` that 's not credible , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` do you have a fourth theory ? '' 
 `` no , not at this time . '' 
 director mctavey sipped his coffee and said , `` this is really bad coffee . '' 
 two flunkies at the far end of the room bolted to attention and disappeared in search of something better . 
 `` sorry , '' westlake said . 
 it was widely known that the director was a serious coffee man and to provide a brew that did n't measure up was an embarrassment . 
 `` and bannister 's background again ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` ten years , rico , got caught up in the barry rafko mess a few years back , though he was n't a big player . 
 he had handled some land deals for barry and got himself convicted . '' 
 `` so he was not in bed with sixteen-year-old girls ? '' 
 `` oh no , that was just our congressmen . 
 bannister appears to be a good guy , former marine and all , just picked the wrong client . '' 
 `` well , was he guilty ? '' 
 `` the jury felt so . 
 as did the judge . 
 you do n't get ten years unless you 've screwed up somewhere . '' 
 another cup of coffee was placed in front of the director , who sniffed it , then finally took a sip as everyone stopped breathing . 
 then another sip , and everyone exhaled . 
 `` why do we believe bannister ? '' 
 mctavey asked . 
 westlake quickly passed the buck . 
 `` hanski . '' 
 agent chris hanski was sitting on go . 
 he cleared his throat and dove in . 
 `` well , i 'm not sure we believe bannister , but he makes a good impression . 
 i 've interviewed him twice , watched him carefully , and i 've seen no signs of deception . 
 he 's bright , shrewd , and has nothing to gain by lying to us . 
 after five years in prison , it 's quite possible he bumped into someone who wanted to knock off judge fawcett or to rob him . '' 
 `` and we really have no idea who this person might be , right ? '' 
 hanski looked at victor westlake , who said , `` as of today , that 's right . 
 but we 're still digging . '' 
 `` i do n't like our chances of discovering the identity of the killer based on who mr. bannister may have bumped into in prison , '' mctavey said , sounding perfectly logical . 
 `` we could be chasing dead ends for the next ten years . 
 what 's the downside of cutting a deal with bannister ? 
 look , the guy is a white-collar crook who has already served five years for criminal activity that seems rather harmless in the scheme of things . 
 do n't you think so , vic ? '' 
 vic was nodding gravely . 
 mctavey pressed on : `` so the guy gets out of prison . 
 it 's not as though we 're releasing a serial killer or a sexual predator . 
 if the guy is right , then this case is solved and we can go home . 
 if the guy is conning us , what 's the big deal ? '' 
 at that moment , no one around the table could envision a big deal . 
 `` who will object to it ? '' 
 mctavey asked . 
 `` the u.s. attorney 's office is not on board , '' westlake said . 
 `` no surprise there , '' mctavey said . 
 `` i 'm meeting with the attorney general tomorrow afternoon . 
 i can neutralize the u.s. attorney . 
 any other problems ? '' 
 hanski cleared his throat again . 
 `` well , sir , mr. bannister insists he will not give us the name until a federal judge signs an order of commutation . 
 i 'm not sure how this will work , but the commuting of his sentence will become automatic when the grand jury indicts our mystery guy . '' 
 mctavey brushed him off . 
 `` we got lawyers to handle all that . 
 does bannister have one ? '' 
 `` not that i know of . '' 
 `` does he need one ? '' 
 `` i 'll be happy to ask him , '' hanski said . 
 a month has passed since the murders of judge fawcett and naomi clary . 
 newspaper reports of the investigation have become shorter and less frequent . 
 the fbi had no comment in the beginning , and after a month of frantic work with nothing to show for it , the task force seems to have vanished now . 
 in the past month , an earthquake in bolivia , a school-yard shooting in kansas , the overdose of one rap star and the detoxification of another have all conspired to divert our attention to more important matters . 
 this is all good news for me . 
 the investigation may appear quiet on the surface , but internally the pressure grows . 
 my worst nightmare is a bold headline announcing the arrest of someone , but that appears less and less likely . 
 the days pass , and i wait patiently . 
 i see clients by appointment only . 
 i meet them at my cubicle in the library . 
 they haul in their legal papers , a stack of assorted pleadings , orders , motions , and rulings that as inmates we have the right to keep in our cells . 
 the cos can not touch our legal papers . 
 for most of my clients , two appointments will suffice to convince them that there is nothing to be done with their cases . 
 during the first appointment , we review the basics , and i go through their papers . 
 then i 'll spend a few hours doing research . 
 during the second appointment , i usually deliver the bad news that they 're out of luck . 
 there 's no loophole to save them . 
 in five years , i have helped six inmates gain early release from prison . 
 needless to say , this adds mightily to my reputation as a masterful jailhouse lawyer , but i caution every new client that the odds are stacked heavily against him . 
 this is what i explain to young otis carter , a twenty-three-year-old father of two who 'll spend the next fourteen months here at frostburg for a crime that should not have been a crime . 
 otis is a country boy , a baptist with a deep faith , a happily married electrician who still can not believe he 's in a federal prison . 
 he and his grandfather were indicted and charged with violating the civil war battlefield and artifact preservation act of 1979 -lrb- as amended in 1983 , 1989 , 1997 , 2002 , 2008 , and 2010 -rrb- . 
 his grandfather , aged seventy-four and suffering from emphysema , is in a federal medical center in tennessee , also serving fourteen months . 
 because of his medical condition , he will cost the taxpayers about $ 25,000 a month . 
 the carters were hunting for artifacts on their two-hundred-acre farm adjacent to the new market battlefield state historical park , in the shenandoah valley , less than an hour from my hometown of winchester . 
 the farm has been in the family for over a hundred years , and from the time he could walk , otis accompanied his grandfather as he `` went digging '' for civil war relics and souvenirs . 
 over the decades , his family assembled an impressive collection of minie balls , cannonballs , canteens , brass buttons , pieces of uniforms , a couple of battle flags , and several dozen guns of all varieties . 
 this they had done legally . 
 it is illegal to remove artifacts and relics from a national historic landmark , which is federal land , and the carters were well aware of this law . 
 their private little museum , in a converted hay barn , was stocked with items they had found on their own property . 
 however , in 2010 , the civil war battlefield and artifact preservation act was amended again . 
 in response to efforts by preservationists to restrict development near battlefields , some last-minute language was added to a one-hundred-page amendment . 
 it became illegal to dig for relics `` within two miles '' of the borders of a national historic landmark , regardless of whose land one happened to be digging on . 
 the carters were not informed of the new rules ; indeed , the language was buried so deep in the amendment virtually no one knew about it . 
 over the years , the federal agents had harassed otis 's grandfather and accused him of digging on protected land . 
 they periodically stopped by his home and demanded to see his museum . 
 when the law changed , they waited patiently until they caught otis and his grandfather scouring a wooded area of carter property with metal detectors . 
 the carters hired a lawyer who advised them to plead guilty . 
 criminal intent is no longer required for many federal crimes . 
 lack of knowledge is no defense . 
 as the victim of the racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act -lrb- rico -rrb- , an often misguided and famously flexible federal law , i am keenly interested in the proliferation of the federal criminal code , now at twenty-seven thousand pages and counting . 
 the constitution names only three federal offenses : treason , piracy , and counterfeiting . 
 today there are over forty-five hundred federal crimes , and the number continues to grow as congress gets tougher on crime and federal prosecutors become more creative in finding ways to apply all their new laws . 
 otis could possibly attack the constitutionality of the amended law . 
 this would take several years of litigation and would drag on long after he 's paroled and back home with his family . 
 as i explain this to him during our second meeting , he seems to lose interest . 
 if he ca n't get out right now , why bother ? 
 but the case intrigues me . 
 we decide to discuss it later . 
 if my grand scheme falls flat , i might take otis 's case and fight all the way to the supreme court . 
 that will keep me busy for the next five years . 
 the supreme court has twice refused to consider my case . 
 though we could n't prove it , there was a strong feeling that my appeals were hurried through the system because of the government 's enthusiasm in putting away barry rafko and his confederates , me included . 
 i was convicted in november 2005 and sentenced two months later to ten years . 
 at my sentencing i was `` remanded , '' which meant i was taken into custody . 
 a few lucky federal felons are allowed to `` self-surrender , '' or remain free until ordered to report to a facility . 
 they have time to prepare , but most are not given this luxury . 
 my lawyer thought i would get five or six years . 
 barry the backhander , the star defendant , the target , the colorful villain everyone enjoyed hating , got twelve years . 
 surely i deserved less than half the time of that slimeball . 
 dionne , my beautiful and loving and fiercely supportive wife , was in the courtroom , sitting bravely next to my humiliated father . 
 i was the only one of the eight sentenced that day , and as i stood before judge slater , with my lawyer to my right , i had trouble breathing . 
 this can not be happening , i said to myself , over and over , as i took in the blurred images around me . 
 i do n't deserve this . 
 i can explain . 
 i am not guilty . 
 slater scolded and preached and played for the press , and i felt like a battered heavyweight in the fifteenth round , sagging on the ropes , covering my face , waiting for the next shot to the face . 
 my knees were putty . 
 i was sweating . 
 when judge slater said `` ten years , '' i heard a gasp behind me as dionne collapsed in tears . 
 as they led me away , i glanced back for the last time . 
 i 've seen this a hundred times in movies , tv shows , and in real-life court reporting - the last , frantic farewell look of the condemned . 
 what do you think about as you 're leaving the courtroom and you 're not going home ? 
 the truth is that nothing is clear . 
 there are too many random thoughts , too much fear , anger , and raw emotion to understand what is happening . 
 dionne had both hands over her mouth , in shock , crying , tears everywhere . 
 my father had his arm around her , trying to console her . 
 that was the last thing i saw - my beautiful wife distraught and destroyed . 
 now she 's married to someone else . 
 thanks to the federal government . 
 my jurors came from the district . 
 a few appeared bright and educated , but most were not , shall i say , sophisticated . 
 after three days of deliberations , they announced to the judge that they were making little progress . 
 and who could blame them ? 
 by unloading a sizable chunk of the federal code , the prosecutors had adopted the timeworn strategy of throwing as much mud as possible against the wall and hoping something would stick . 
 this overkill had turned what should have been a relatively easy case against barry rafko and the congressman into a legal quagmire . 
 i had spent countless hours working on my own defense , and i could n't understand all of the prosecution 's theories . 
 from the beginning , my lawyer had predicted a hung jury . 
 after four days of deliberations , judge slater delivered what is commonly referred to in trial circles as the `` dynamite charge . '' 
 this is basically a demand that the jurors get back there and reach a verdict , at all costs . 
 you 're not going home until we have a verdict ! 
 such a charge rarely works , but i was n't so lucky . 
 an hour later , the exhausted and emotionally spent jurors returned with unanimous verdicts against all defendants , on all counts . 
 it was obvious to me and many others that they did not understand most of the code sections and intricate theories used by the prosecution . 
 one of the jurors was later quoted as saying , `` we just assumed they were guilty , or else they would n't have been charged in the first place . '' 
 i used this quote in my appeals , but it apparently went unheard . 
 i watched the jurors carefully throughout the trial , and they were overwhelmed from the opening statements . 
 and why should n't they have been ? 
 nine different lawyers gave their versions of what had happened . 
 the courtroom had to be redesigned and renovated to make room for all of the defendants and all their lawyers . 
 the trial was a spectacle , a farce , a ridiculous way to search for the truth . 
 but as i learned , the truth was not important . 
 perhaps in another era , a trial was an exercise in the presentation of facts , the search for truth , and the finding of justice . 
 now a trial is a contest in which one side will win and the other side will lose . 
 each side expects the other to bend the rules or to cheat , so neither side plays fair . 
 the truth is lost in the melee . 
 two months later i returned to the courtroom for the sentencing . 
 my lawyer had requested that i be allowed to self-surrender , but judge slater was not impressed with our request . 
 after he gave me ten years , he ordered me into remanded custody . 
 it is indeed remarkable that more federal judges are not shot . 
 for weeks afterward , i conceived all manner of schemes to inflict a slow , torturous death upon slater . 
 i was taken to the courtroom by the u.s. marshals and led to a holding cell in the courthouse , then to the d.c. jail , where i was stripped , searched , given an orange jumpsuit , and placed in a crowded cell with six other inmates . 
 there were only four cots . 
 the first night i sat on the concrete floor , just me and my thin blanket with holes in it . 
 the jail was a noisy zoo , overcrowded and understaffed , and sleep was impossible . 
 i was too frightened and too stunned to close my eyes , so i sat in a corner and listened to the yells and screams and threats until dawn . 
 i stayed there a week , eating little , sleeping little , urinating in a filthy open toilet that did n't flush and was within ten feet of my cell mates . 
 at one time , there were ten of us in the cell . 
 i never showered . 
 a bowel movement required an urgent plea to visit the `` shit room '' down the hall . 
 the transporting of federal prisoners is done by the u.s. marshals , and it is a nightmare . 
 prisoners of all security levels are lumped together , with no regard for our crimes or the risks we might pose . 
 therefore , we were all treated like savage murderers . 
 with every movement my hands were cuffed , my ankles chained , and i was attached to the inmate in front of me and the one behind . 
 the mood is nasty . 
 the marshals have one job - to move the inmates safely with no escapes . 
 the inmates , many of them rookies like me , are frightened , frustrated , and bewildered . 
 fourteen of us left d.c. on a bus , an unmarked rig that had hauled schoolchildren decades earlier , and headed south . 
 the handcuffs and chains were not removed . 
 a marshal with a shotgun sat in the front seat . 
 after four hours , we stopped at a county jail in north carolina . 
 we were given a wet sandwich and allowed to urinate behind the bus , still chained and bound . 
 the handcuffs and leg irons were never removed . 
 after two hours of waiting , we left with three additional prisoners and headed west . 
 for the next six days , we stopped at county jails in north carolina , tennessee , and alabama , picking up prisoners , occasionally dropping one off , sleeping in a different cell each night . 
 the county jails were the worst : tiny cramped cells with no heat , air-conditioning , sunlight , or suitable sanitation ; food that dogs would ignore ; little water ; bubbas for guards ; a much higher threat of violence ; local inmates who resented the intrusion of `` federal prisoners . '' 
 i could not believe conditions so deplorable existed in this country , but i was naive . 
 as our journey continued and our moods soured , there was a marked increase in the level of bitching on the bus . 
 this ceased when a veteran inmate explained the concept of `` diesel therapy . '' 
 complain or make trouble , and the marshals will keep you on the bus for weeks and give you a free tour of dozens of county jails . 
 there was no hurry . 
 the marshals can transport prisoners during daylight hours only ; thus the distances tend to be short . 
 they had absolutely no interest in our comfort or privacy . 
 we eventually made it to a distribution center in atlanta , a notoriously bad place where i was kept in solitary confinement for twenty-three hours a day while my paperwork inched across someone 's desk in washington . 
 after three weeks of this , i was losing my sanity . 
 nothing to read , no one to chat with , terrible food , bad guards . 
 eventually , we were re-shackled and loaded onto another bus and driven to the atlanta airport where we boarded an unmarked cargo plane . 
 chained to a hard plastic bench and sitting knee to knee , we flew to miami , though we had no idea where we were headed . 
 one of the marshals kindly informed us . 
 in miami we picked up a few more , then flew to new orleans , where we sat in suffocating humidity for an hour as the marshals loaded on even more . 
 on the plane , we were allowed to talk , and the chatter was refreshing . 
 most of us had just endured days of solitary , so we plunged into conversation . 
 this was not the first trip for some of the boys , and they told other stories of being transported in chains , courtesy of the federal government . 
 i began to hear descriptions of prison life . 
 at dark , we arrived in oklahoma city , where we were shuffled onto a bus and taken to another distribution center . 
 the place was not quite as bad as atlanta , but by then i was thinking about suicide . 
 after five days in solitary confinement , we were re-shackled and taken back to the airport . 
 we flew into texas , world capital of lethal injection , and i daydreamed of seeing the needle stuck into my arm and floating away . 
 eight tough guys , all hispanic , boarded `` con air '' in dallas , and we flew to little rock , then memphis , then cincinnati , where my flying days ended . 
 i spent six nights in a tough city jail before a pair of marshals drove me to the prison in louisville , kentucky . 
 louisville is five hundred miles from my hometown of winchester , virginia . 
 had i been allowed to self-surrender , my father and i would have made the drive in about eight hours . 
 he would have dropped me off at the front gate and said good-bye . 
 forty-four days , twenty-six of them in solitary , too many stops to remember . 
 there is no logic in this system and no one cares . 
 no one is watching . 
 the real tragedy of the federal criminal system is not the absurdities . 
 it is the ruined and wasted lives . 
 congress demands long , harsh sentences , and for the violent thugs these are appropriate . 
 hardened criminals are locked away in `` u.s. pens , '' fortresses where gangs are rampant and murders are routine . 
 but the majority of federal prisoners are nonviolent , and many are convicted of crimes that involved little , if any , criminal activity . 
 rule 35 of the federal rules of criminal procedure provides the only mechanism for the commutation of a prison sentence . 
 its logic is brilliant and fits my situation perfectly . 
 if an inmate can solve another crime , one that the feds have an interest in , then the inmate 's sentence can be reduced . 
 of course , this takes the cooperation of the investigating authorities - fbi , dea , cia , atf , and so on - and of the court from which the inmate was sentenced . 
 if all goes as planned , i may soon have the privilege of seeing the honorable judge slater , and it will be on my terms . 
 the feds are back . 
 the warden is much nicer to me these days . 
 he figures he has a prize that some big people desire , and he needs to be in the thick of things . 
 i take a seat at his desk and he asks if i want coffee . 
 this offer is almost too surreal to comprehend - the almighty warden offering coffee to an inmate . 
 `` sure , '' i say . 
 `` black . '' 
 he punches a button and relays our wishes to a secretary . 
 i notice he 's wearing cuff links today , a good sign . 
 `` got the big boys here today , mal , '' he informs me smugly , as if he 's coordinating all efforts to find the murderer . 
 since we are such good pals now , he 's using my first name . 
 until now it 's been bannister this and bannister that . 
 `` who ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` the director of the task force , victor westlake , from washington , and a bunch of lawyers . 
 i 'd say you have their attention . '' 
 i can not keep from smiling , but only for a second . 
 `` this guy who killed judge fawcett , was he ever here , at frostburg ? '' 
 the warden asks . 
 `` sorry , warden , i ca n't answer that . '' 
 `` either here or louisville , i take it . '' 
 `` maybe , or maybe i knew him before prison . '' 
 he frowns and rubs his chin . 
 `` i see , '' he mumbles . 
 the coffee arrives , on a tray , and for the first time in years i drink from a cup not made of plastic or paper . 
 we kill a few minutes talking about nothing . 
 at 11:05 , his secretary informs him through the intercom on his desk , `` they are in place . '' 
 i follow him through the door and into the same conference room . 
 five men in the same dark suits , same white shirts with button-down collars , same bland ties . 
 if i had seen them in a crowd from half a mile away , i could have said , `` yep , feds . '' 
 we go through the usual stiff introductions and the warden reluctantly excuses himself . 
 i sit on one side of the table and my five new buddies sit on the other . 
 victor westlake is in the middle , and to his right are agent hanski and a new face , agent sasswater . 
 neither of these two will say a word . 
 to the left of westlake are the two assistant u.s. attorneys - mangrum from the southern district of virginia and craddock from the northern . 
 the rookie dunleavy got left behind . 
 thunderstorms had rolled through just after midnight , and westlake begins by saying , `` quite a storm last night , huh ? '' 
 i narrow my eyes and stare at him . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you want to talk about the weather ? '' 
 this really pisses him off , but he 's a pro . 
 a smile , a grunt , then , `` no , mr. bannister , i 'm not here to talk about the weather . 
 my boss thinks we should make a deal with you , so that 's why i 'm here . '' 
 `` great . 
 and , yes , it was quite a storm . '' 
 `` we 'd like to hear your terms . '' 
 `` i think you know them . 
 we use rule 35 . 
 we sign an agreement , all of us , in which i give you the name of the man who killed judge fawcett . 
 you pick him up , investigate him , do your thing , and when a federal grand jury indicts him , i walk . 
 that very day . 
 i transfer out of frostburg and disappear into witness protection . 
 no more time ; no more criminal record ; no more malcolm bannister . 
 the deal is confidential , locked away , buried , and signed by the attorney general . '' 
 `` the ag ? '' 
 `` yes sir . 
 i do n't trust you or anyone in this room . 
 i do n't trust judge slater or any other federal judge , prosecutor , assistant prosecutor , fbi agent , or anybody else working for the federal government . 
 the paperwork must be perfect ; the deal unbreakable . 
 when the killer is indicted , i walk . 
 period . '' 
 `` will you use an attorney ? '' 
 `` no sir . 
 i can handle that . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 mangrum suddenly produces a file and removes several copies of a document . 
 he slides one across the table , and it comes to a rest in front of me , in perfect position . 
 i glance at it and my heart begins to pound . 
 the heading is the same as all of the motions and orders filed in my case : `` in the united states district court of washington , d.c. ; united states of america versus malcolm w. bannister . '' 
 in the center of the page , in all caps , are the words `` rule 35 motion . '' 
 `` this is a proposed court order , '' mangrum says . 
 `` it 's just a starting point , but we 've spent some time on it . '' 
 two days later , i am placed in the rear seat of a ford suv and driven away from frostburg , my first exit from the camp since the day i arrived three years earlier . 
 no leg chains today , but my wrists are cuffed in front of me . 
 my two buddies are u.s. marshals , names withheld , but they are nice enough . 
 after we get through the weather , one of them asks if i 've heard any good jokes . 
 lock away six hundred men and give them plenty of idle time , and the jokes come in waves . 
 `` clean or dirty ? '' 
 i ask , though there are few clean jokes in prison . 
 `` oh , dirty of course , '' the driver says . 
 i tell a couple and get some good laughs as the miles fly by . 
 we 're on interstate 68 , zipping through hagerstown , and the feeling of freedom is exhilarating . 
 in spite of the handcuffs , i can almost taste the life out there . 
 i watch the traffic and dream of owning and driving a car again , of going anywhere . 
 i see fast-food restaurants at the interchanges and i salivate at the thought of a burger and fries . 
 i see a couple walking hand in hand into a store , and i can almost feel the touch of her flesh . 
 a beer sign in the window of a bar makes me thirsty . 
 a billboard advertising caribbean cruises takes me to another world . 
 i feel as if i 've been locked up for a century . 
 we turn south on interstate 70 and are soon in the washington-baltimore sprawl . 
 three hours after we leave frostburg , we arrive in the basement of the federal courthouse in downtown d.c. inside the building , the handcuffs are removed ; i proceed with one marshal in front of me , the other behind . 
 the meeting takes place in the chambers of judge slater , who 's as prickly as ever and seems to have aged twenty years in the past five . 
 he considers me a criminal and barely acknowledges my presence . 
 fine , i do n't care . 
 it is evident that a lot of conversations have taken place between his office , the u.s. attorney 's office , the fbi , and the attorney general of the united states . 
 at one point , i count eleven people around the table . 
 the rule 35 motion , with the attached agreement , has increased in size and runs for twenty-two pages . 
 i have read every word five times . 
 i even demanded some of my own language . 
 the agreement , in short , gives me everything i want . 
 freedom , a new identity , government protection , and the reward money of $ 150,000 . 
 after the usual throat clearing , judge slater takes charge . 
 `` we will now go on the record , '' he says , and his court reporter begins her stenography . 
 `` even though this is a confidential matter and the court 's order will be sealed , i want a record of this hearing . '' 
 a pause as he shuffles papers . 
 `` this is a motion by the united states for rule 35 relief . 
 bannister , have you read this entire motion , agreement , and proposed order ? '' 
 `` i have , your honor . '' 
 `` and i believe you are an attorney , or , shall i say , were an attorney . '' 
 `` that 's correct , your honor . '' 
 `` does the motion , agreement , and order meet your approval ? '' 
 damn right it does , old boy . 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 he goes around the table and asks the same questions . 
 it 's all a formality because everyone has already agreed . 
 and , most important , the attorney general has signed the agreement . 
 slater looks at me and says , `` you understand , mr. bannister , that if the name you provide does not lead to an indictment , then the agreement is null and void after twelve months , your sentence will not be commuted , and you will serve the remaining time in full ? '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 `` and that until there is an indictment you will remain in the custody of the bureau of prisons ? '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 after more discussion about the terms of the agreement , judge slater signs the order and the hearing is over . 
 he does not say farewell and i do not curse him the way i 'd like to . 
 again , it 's a miracle that more federal judges are not whacked . 
 his name is quinn rucker , black male , aged thirty-eight , from southwest d.c. , convicted two years ago of distributing narcotics and sentenced to seven years . 
 i met him at frostburg . 
 he walked away about three months ago and has not been seen since . 
 he comes from a large family of drug dealers who 've been active and successful for many years . 
 these are not street dealers by any means . 
 they are businessmen with contacts up and down the east coast . 
 they try to avoid violence but they are not afraid of it . 
 they are disciplined , tough , and resourceful . 
 several have gone to prison . 
 several have been killed . 
 to them , that 's just part of the overhead . '' 
 i pause , take a breath . 
 the room is silent . 
 at least five of the dark suits are taking notes . 
 one has a laptop and has already pulled up the file on quinn rucker , who had made several cuts and was on the fbi 's top-fifty list of suspects , primarily because of his time with me at frostburg and his escape from it . 
 `` as i said , i met quinn at frostburg , and we became friends . 
 like a lot of inmates , he was convinced i could file a magic motion and get him out , but not in his case . 
 he was not doing well in prison because frostburg was his first gig . 
 this happens to some of the new guys who have not seen other prisons . 
 they do n't appreciate the camp atmosphere . 
 anyway , as his time dragged on he got restless . 
 he could n't imagine doing five more years . 
 he has a wife , a couple of kids , cash from the family business , and a lot of insecurities . 
 he was convinced some of his cousins were moving in , taking over his role , stealing his share . 
 i listened to a lot of this but did n't swallow all of it . 
 these gang guys are generally full of crap and like to exaggerate their stories , especially when it comes to money and violence . 
 but i liked quinn . 
 he was probably the best friend i 've made yet in prison . 
 we never celled together but we were close . '' 
 `` do you know why he walked away ? '' 
 victor westlake asks . 
 `` i think so . 
 quinn was selling pot and doing well . 
 he was also smoking a lot of it . 
 as you know , the quickest way out of a federal camp is to get caught with drugs or alcohol . 
 strictly prohibited . 
 quinn got word through a snitch that the cos knew about his business and they were about to bust him . 
 he 's extremely smart and savvy , and he never kept the drugs in his cell . 
 like most of the guys who sell on the black market , he hid his inventory in common areas . 
 the heat was on , and he knew if he got caught he 'd be sent away to a tougher place . 
 so he walked . 
 i 'm sure he did n't walk far . 
 probably had someone waiting close by . '' 
 `` do you know where he is now ? '' 
 i nod , take my time , say , `` he has a cousin , do n't know his name , but he owns a couple of strip clubs in norfolk , virginia , near the naval base . 
 find the cousin , and you 'll find quinn . '' 
 `` under what name ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but it 's not quinn rucker . '' 
 `` how do you know this ? '' 
 `` sorry , but that 's none of your business . '' 
 at this point , westlake nods at an agent by the door , and he disappears . 
 the search is on . 
 `` let 's talk about judge fawcett , '' westlake says . 
 `` okay , '' i reply . 
 i can not count the number of times i have lived for this moment . 
 i have rehearsed this in the darkness of my cell when i could n't sleep . 
 i have written it in narrative form , then destroyed it . 
 i have said the words out loud while taking long , lonely walks around the edges of frostburg . 
 it 's hard to believe this is finally happening . 
 `` a big part of his gang 's business was running cocaine from miami to the major cities along the east coast , primarily the southern leg - atlanta , charleston , raleigh , charlotte , richmond , and so on . 
 interstate 95 was the favored route because it is so heavily traveled , but the gang used every state highway and county road on the map . 
 most of it was mule running . 
 they would pay a driver $ 5,000 to rent a car and haul a trunkload of coke to a distribution center in - pick a city . 
 the mule would make the drop , then turn around and drive back to south florida . 
 according to quinn , 90 percent of the coke snorted in manhattan gets there in a car rented by a mule in miami and driven north as if on legitimate business . 
 detection is virtually impossible . 
 when mules are caught , it 's because someone snitched . 
 anyway , quinn had a nephew who was working his way up the ladder of the family business . 
 the kid was mule running , and he got caught speeding on interstate 81 just outside of roanoke . 
 he was in a rented avis van and said he was delivering antique furniture to a store in georgetown . 
 there was indeed furniture in the van , but the real cargo was cocaine with a street value of $ 5 million . 
 the state trooper was suspicious and called for a backup . 
 the nephew knew the rules and refused to allow a search of the van . 
 the second trooper was a rookie , a real eager beaver , and he began poking around the cargo bay of the van . 
 he had no warrant , no probable cause , and no permission to search . 
 when he found the cocaine , he went ballistic and everything changed . '' 
 i pause and take a sip of water . 
 the agent with the laptop is pecking away , no doubt sending directives all over the east coast . 
 `` what is the nephew 's name ? '' 
 westlake asks . 
 `` i do n't know , but i do n't think his last name was rucker . 
 within his family , there are several last names and a fair number of aliases . '' 
 `` and so the nephew 's case was assigned to judge fawcett ? '' 
 westlake asks , prompting me along , though no one seems to be in a hurry . 
 they 're hanging on every word and anxious to find quinn rucker , but they want the whole story . 
 `` yes , and quinn hired a big lawyer in roanoke , one who assured him the search was blatantly unconstitutional . 
 if the search was thrown out by fawcett , then so was the evidence . 
 no evidence , no trial , no conviction , nothing . 
 somewhere in the process , quinn learned that judge fawcett might look more favorably upon the nephew 's case if some cash could change hands . 
 serious cash . 
 according to quinn , the deal was brokered by their lawyer . 
 and , no , i do not know the name of the lawyer . '' 
 `` how much cash ? '' 
 westlake asks . 
 `` half a million . '' 
 this is met with great skepticism , and i am not surprised . 
 `` i found it hard to believe too . 
 a federal judge taking a bribe . 
 but then i was also shocked when an fbi agent was caught spying for the russians . 
 i guess under the right circumstances , a man will do just about anything . '' 
 `` let 's stay on subject here , '' westlake says , irritated . 
 `` sure . 
 quinn and the family paid the bribe . 
 fawcett took the bribe . 
 the case crept along until one day when there was a hearing on the nephew 's motion to exclude the evidence that was seized during a bad search . 
 much to everyone 's surprise , the judge ruled against the nephew , in favor of the government , and ordered a trial . 
 with no defense , the jury found the kid guilty , but the lawyer felt good about their chances on appeal . 
 the case is still rattling on appeal . 
 in the meantime , the nephew is serving an eighteen-year sentence in alabama . '' 
 `` this is a nice story , mr. bannister , '' westlake says , `` but how do you know quinn rucker killed the judge ? '' 
 `` because he told me he was going to do it , out of revenge and to retrieve his money . 
 he talked about it often . 
 he knew exactly where the judge lived , worked , and liked to spend his weekends . 
 he suspected the money was hidden somewhere in the cabin , and he firmly believed he was n't the only one who 'd been ripped off by fawcett . 
 and , because he told me , mr. westlake , he will target me as soon as he 's arrested . 
 i might walk out of prison , but i 'll always look over my shoulder . 
 these people are very smart - look at your own investigation . 
 nothing . 
 not a clue . 
 they hold grudges , and they are very patient . 
 quinn waited almost three years to kill the judge . 
 he 'll wait twenty years to get me . '' 
 `` if he 's so smart , why would he tell you all of this ? '' 
 westlake asks . 
 `` simple . 
 like a lot of inmates , quinn thought i could file some brilliant motion , find a loophole , and get him out of prison . 
 he said he would pay me ; said i would get half of whatever he took off judge fawcett . 
 i 've heard this before , and since . 
 i looked at quinn 's file and told him there was nothing i could do . '' 
 six hours later , two black fbi agents paid the cover charge at the velvet club , three blocks away from the norfolk naval base . 
 they were dressed like construction workers and mixed easily with the crowd , which was half white , half black , half sailors , and half civilians . 
 the dancers were also half-and-half , affirmative action all around . 
 two surveillance vans waited in the parking lot , along with a dozen more agents . 
 quinn rucker had been spotted , photographed , and identified entering the club at 5:30 . 
 he worked as a bartender , and when he left his post at 8:45 to go to the restroom , he was followed . 
 inside the restroom , the two agents confronted him . 
 after a brief discussion , they agreed to leave through a rear door . 
 quinn understood the situation and made no sudden moves . 
 nor did he seem surprised . 
 as with many escapees , the end of the run was in many ways a relief . 
 the dreams of freedom crumble under the challenges of living normally . 
 someone is always back there . 
 he was handcuffed and taken to the fbi office in norfolk . 
 in an interrogation room , the two black agents served him coffee and began a friendly chat . 
 the crime was nothing more than an escape , and he had no defense . 
 he was dead guilty and headed back to prison . 
 they asked quinn if he was willing to answer a few basic questions about his escape some three months earlier . 
 he said sure , why not ? 
 he volunteered that he had met an unnamed accomplice not far from the camp at frostburg and had been driven back to d.c. . 
 he hung around there for a few days , but his presence was not well received . 
 escapees draw attention , and his boys did not appreciate the possibility of the fbi poking around and looking for him . 
 he began muling cocaine from miami to atlanta , but the work was slow . 
 he was damaged goods and his `` syndicate , '' as he called it , was wary of him . 
 he saw his wife and kids occasionally , but knew the danger of getting too close to home . 
 he spent time with an old girlfriend in baltimore , but she , too , was less than excited about his presence . 
 he drifted around , picking up an occasional drug run , then got lucky when his cousin gave him a job tending bar at the velvet club . 
 next door , in a larger interrogation room , two of the fbi 's veteran interrogators were listening to the conversation . 
 another team was upstairs , waiting and listening . 
 if things went well , it would be a long night for quinn . 
 things had to go well for the fbi . 
 with no physical evidence so far , it was imperative that the interrogation produce some proof . 
 the fbi was worried , though , because they were dealing with a man who 'd been around the block a few times . 
 it was unlikely their suspect could be intimidated into saying much . 
 as soon as quinn was taken out the back door of the velvet club , fbi agents cornered his cousin and demanded information . 
 the cousin knew the ropes and had little to say until he was threatened with charges for harboring a fugitive . 
 he had an impressive criminal record , state charges , and another indictment would likely send him back to the pen . 
 he preferred life on the outside and began singing . 
 quinn was living and working under the assumed name of jackie todd , though his wages were being paid in cash and off the books . 
 the cousin led the fbi agents to a run-down trailer park a half mile away and showed them the furnished mobile home quinn was leasing month to month . 
 parked next to the trailer was a hummer h3 , 2008 model , with north carolina license plates . 
 the cousin explained that quinn preferred to walk to work and hide the hummer , weather permitting . 
 within an hour , the fbi had a search warrant for the trailer and the hummer , which was towed to a police lot in norfolk , opened and examined . 
 the main door of the mobile home was locked but flimsy . 
 one good jolt with a bat hammer and the agents were inside . 
 the place was remarkably neat and clean . 
 working with a purpose , six agents combed the place from side to side , twelve feet , and from end to end , fifty feet . 
 in the only bedroom , between the mattress and the box spring , they found quinn 's wallet , keys , and cell phone . 
 the wallet contained about $ 500 in cash , a fake north carolina driver 's license , and two prepaid visa credit cards valued at $ 1,200 each . 
 the cell phone was of the disposable , prepaid variety , perfect for a man on the run . 
 under the bed , the agents found a smith and wesson short-barrel , .38 - caliber handgun , loaded with hollow-point bullets . 
 handling it carefully , the agents immediately assumed it was the same handgun used to kill judge fawcett and naomi clary . 
 the key chain included a key to a mini - storage unit two miles away . 
 in a drawer in the kitchen , an agent found quinn 's home office - a couple of manila files with scant paperwork . 
 one form , though , was a six-month lease agreement for a unit at macon 's mini-storage , signed by jackie todd . 
 the lead investigator called roanoke , where a federal magistrate was on duty , and a search warrant was e-mailed back to norfolk . 
 the file also included a north carolina car title issued to jackie todd for the 2008 hummer h3 . 
 no liens were noted ; thus it was safe to assume mr. todd had paid in full , on the spot , either in cash or by check . 
 no checkbook or bank statements were found in the drawer ; none were expected . 
 a bill of sale for the vehicle revealed that it was purchased on february 9 , 2011 , from a used-car lot in roanoke . 
 february 9 was two days after the bodies were found . 
 fresh search warrant in hand , two agents entered jackie todd 's tiny unit at macon 's mini-storage , under the careful and suspecting gaze of mr. macon himself . 
 concrete floor , unpainted cinder-block walls , a solitary lightbulb stuck in the ceiling . 
 there were five cardboard boxes stacked against one wall . 
 a quick look revealed some old clothes , a pair of muddy combat boots , a 9-millimeter glock pistol with the registration number filed off , and , finally , a metal box stuffed neatly with cash . 
 the agents took all five cardboard boxes , thanked mr. macon for his hospitality , and hurried away . 
 simultaneously , the name jackie r. todd was being run through the national crime information center computer system . 
 there was a hit , in roanoke , virginia . 
 at midnight , quinn was moved next door and introduced to special agents pankovits and delocke . 
 they began by explaining they were used by the fbi to interrogate escapees . 
 this was nothing more than a routine briefing , a little fact-finding probe that they always enjoyed because who would n't love to talk to an escapee and get all the details . 
 it was late , and if quinn wanted to get some sleep in the county jail , they would be happy to start first thing in the morning . 
 he declined and said he would like to get it over with . 
 sandwiches and soft drinks were brought in . 
 the mood was lighthearted and the agents were extremely cordial . 
 pankovits was white and delocke was black , and quinn seemed to enjoy their company . 
 he nibbled on a ham-and-swiss while they told a story about an inmate who 'd spent twenty-one years on the run . 
 the fbi sent them all the way to thailand to bring him home . 
 what great fun . 
 they asked about his escape and movements in the days that followed it , questions and answers that had already been covered by his first interrogation . 
 quinn refused to identify his accomplice and gave them no names of anyone who had helped him along the way . 
 this was fine . 
 they did not press and seemed to have no interest in going after anyone else . 
 after an hour of friendly chitchat , pankovits remembered that they had not read him his miranda rights . 
 there was no harm in this , they said , because his crime was obvious and he had not implicated himself in anything other than the escape . 
 no big deal , but if he wanted to continue , he would have to waive his rights . 
 this he did by signing a form . 
 by this time he was being called quinn , and they were andy , for pankovits , and jesse , for delocke . 
 they carefully reconstructed his movements over the past three months , and quinn did a surprisingly thorough job of recalling dates , places , and events . 
 the agents were impressed and commended him on having such a fine memory . 
 they paid particular attention to his earnings ; all in cash of course , but how much for each job ? 
 `` so , on the second run from miami to charleston , '' pankovits said , smiling at his notes , `` the one a week after last new year 's , quinn , you got how much in cash ? '' 
 `` i believe it was six thousand . '' 
 `` right , right . '' 
 both agents scribbled furiously as if they believed every single word uttered by their subject . 
 quinn said he 'd been living and working in norfolk since mid-february , about a month . 
 he lived with his cousin and a couple of his girlfriends in a large apartment not far from the velvet club . 
 he was being paid in cash , food , drink , sex , and pot . 
 `` so , quinn , '' delocke said as he tallied up a pile of numbers , `` looks to me as though you 've earned about $ 46,000 since you left frostburg , all cash , no taxes . 
 not bad for three months ' work . '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 `` how much of this have you spent ? '' 
 pankovits asked . 
 quinn shrugged as if it really did n't matter now . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 most of it . 
 it takes a lot of money to move around . '' 
 `` when you were running the drugs from miami and back , how did you rent cars ? '' 
 delocke asked . 
 `` i did n't rent them . 
 someone else did , gave me the keys . 
 my job was to drive carefully , slowly , and not get stopped by the cops . '' 
 fair enough , and both agents happily concurred . 
 `` did you buy a vehicle ? '' 
 pankovits asked without looking up from his note taking . 
 `` no , '' quinn said with a smile . 
 silly question . 
 `` you ca n't buy a car when you 're on the run and have no papers . '' 
 of course not . 
 at the freezer in roanoke , victor westlake sat before a large screen , frozen at the image of quinn rucker . 
 a hidden camera in the interrogation room was sending the video across the commonwealth to a makeshift room outfitted with an astonishing supply of gadgets and technology . 
 four other agents sat with westlake , all staring at the eyes and expressions of mr. rucker . 
 `` no way , '' mumbled one of the other four . 
 `` this guy 's too smart for this . 
 he knows we 'll find the trailer , the wallet , the fake id , the hummer . '' 
 `` maybe not , '' mumbled another . 
 `` right now , it 's just an escape . 
 he 's thinking we have no clue about the murder . 
 this is nothing serious . '' 
 `` i agree , '' said another . 
 `` i think he 's betting , playing the odds . 
 he thinks he can survive a few questions , then get hauled back to jail and then to prison . 
 he 's thinking he 'll call his cousin at some point and tell him to grab everything . '' 
 `` wait and see , '' said westlake . 
 `` let 's see how he reacts when the first bomb hits . '' 
 at 2:00 a.m. , quinn said , `` can i use the restroom ? '' 
 delocke stood and escorted him out of the room and down the hall . 
 another agent loitered about , a show of force . 
 five minutes later , quinn was back in his seat . 
 pankovits said , `` it 's rather late , quinn , you want to check in at the jail and get some sleep ? 
 we have plenty of time . '' 
 `` i 'd rather be here than in the jail , '' he said sadly . 
 `` how much more time you think i 'll get ? '' 
 he asked . 
 delocke replied , `` do n't know , quinn . 
 that 's up to the u.s. attorney . 
 bad part is that they wo n't send you back to a camp . 
 ever . 
 you 're headed for a real prison . '' 
 `` you know , jesse , i sorta miss the camp . 
 was n't so bad after all . '' 
 `` why 'd you leave it ? '' 
 `` stupid . 
 why ? 
 because i could . 
 just walk away and nobody seemed to care . '' 
 `` we interview twenty-five guys a year who walk away from a federal camp . 
 ` stupid , ' i think , is the best word . '' 
 pankovits shuffled some papers and said , `` now , quinn , i think we 've got a handle on the time line here . 
 dates , places , movements , cash earnings . 
 all of this will be included in your pre-sentence report . 
 the good part is that you did n't do anything exceptionally bad over the past three months . 
 some drug running , which of course will not help you , but at least you did n't hurt anyone , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` and this is the complete story , right ? 
 nothing left out ? 
 you 're telling us everything ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 the two agents stiffened somewhat and frowned . 
 pankovits said , `` what about roanoke , quinn ? 
 did you spend any time in roanoke ? '' 
 quinn looked at the ceiling , gave it a thought , and said , `` maybe i passed through once or twice , but that 's all . '' 
 `` are you sure about that ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm sure . '' 
 delocke opened a file , scanned a sheet of paper , and asked , `` who is jackie todd ? '' 
 quinn 's eyes closed as his mouth fell open slightly . 
 a soft guttural sound , one from deep inside , came out , as if he 'd been struck somewhere below the belt . 
 his shoulders dropped . 
 if he 'd been white , he would have turned pale . 
 `` do n't know , '' he finally said . 
 `` never met him . '' 
 delocke continued : `` really ? 
 well , it looks like mr. jackie r. todd was arrested on tuesday night , february 8 , at a bar in roanoke . 
 public drunk , assault . 
 the police report says he got in a fight with some other drunks and spent the night in jail . 
 next morning , he posted a cash bond of $ 800 and walked out . '' 
 `` was n't me . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 delocke slid across a sheet of paper , and quinn slowly picked it up . 
 it was a mug shot , clearly one of himself . 
 `` not much doubt about it , quinn , right ? '' 
 quinn laid down the sheet of paper and said , `` okay , okay . 
 so i had an alias . 
 what was i supposed to do ? 
 play hide-and-seek with my real name ? '' 
 `` of course not , quinn , '' pankovits said . 
 `` but you lied to us , did n't you ? '' 
 `` you 're not the first cops i 've lied to . '' 
 `` lying to the fbi can get you five years . '' 
 `` okay , i fibbed a little . '' 
 `` no surprise there , but now we ca n't believe anything . 
 i guess we 'll have to start over . '' 
 delocke said , `` on february 9 , one jackie todd walked into a used-car lot in roanoke and paid $ 24,000 cash for a 2008 hummer h3 . 
 this ring a bell , quinn ? '' 
 `` no . 
 was n't me . '' 
 `` did n't think so . '' 
 delocke slid across a copy of the bill of sale . 
 `` and you 've never seen this before , have you ? '' 
 quinn looked at it and said , `` no . '' 
 pankovits snapped , `` come on , quinn . 
 we 're not half as stupid as you think we are . 
 you were in roanoke on february 8 , went to the bar , got in a fight , went to jail , bonded out the next morning , went back to your motel room at the safe lodge , back to the room you paid cash for , got some more cash and bought yourself a hummer . '' 
 `` where 's the crime in paying cash for a vehicle ? '' 
 `` none whatsoever , '' pankovits said . 
 `` but you were n't supposed to have that much cash at that point . '' 
 `` maybe i was wrong with some of the dates and some of the cash payments . 
 i ca n't remember everything . '' 
 `` do you remember where you bought the guns ? '' 
 delocke asked . 
 `` what guns ? '' 
 `` the smith and wesson .38 we found in your trailer and the glock 9-millimeter we found in your storage unit , about two hours ago . '' 
 `` stolen guns , '' pankovits added helpfully . 
 `` more federal offenses . '' 
 quinn slowly locked his hands behind his head and stared at his knees . 
 a minute passed , then another . 
 without blinking and without moving a muscle , the two agents stared at quinn . 
 the room was silent , still , tense . 
 finally , pankovits shuffled some papers and raised one . 
 he said , `` the preliminary inventory shows a wallet with $ 512 cash , a fake driver 's license from north carolina , two prepaid visa cards , a prepaid cell phone , the aforementioned smith and wesson .38 , a bill of sale and a title for the hummer , a lease agreement for the mini - storage unit , an insurance certificate for the vehicle , a box of bullets for the .38 , and a few other items , all taken from the mobile home you were renting for $ 400 a month . 
 from the mini - storage unit , we have inventoried some clothing , the glock 9-millimeter , a pair of combat boots , some other items , and , most important , a metal box with $ 41,000 in it , cash , all in $ 100 bills . '' 
 quinn slowly folded his arms across his chest and stared at delocke , who said , `` we have all night , quinn . 
 how about an explanation ? '' 
 `` i guess the mule was busier than i remember . 
 there were a lot of trips to miami and back . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell us about all the trips ? '' 
 `` like i said , i ca n't remember everything . 
 when you 're on the run like that , you tend to forget things . '' 
 `` do you remember using either of the guns for anything , quinn ? '' 
 delocke asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` did you use the guns , or do you just not remember using the guns ? '' 
 `` i did not use the guns . '' 
 pankovits found another sheet of paper and studied it gravely . 
 `` you sure about that , quinn ? 
 this is a preliminary ballistics report . '' 
 there was no ballistics report . 
 the smith and wesson .38 was at the fbi crime laboratory at quantico and would be analyzed as soon as the technicians arrived for work in about five hours . 
 the sheet of paper pankovits held like a weapon was a copy of some useless memo . 
 he and delocke had an entire repertoire of dirty tricks , all approved by the u.s. supreme court . 
 using them would depend on how far quinn allowed things to go . 
 the immediate problem was the `` lawyer '' comment . 
 if quinn had said , clearly and unequivocally , `` i want a lawyer ! '' 
 or `` i 'm not answering any more questions until i have a lawyer ! '' 
 or something along those lines , the interrogation would have ended immediately . 
 but he hedged and used the word `` maybe . '' 
 timing was crucial here . 
 to divert attention away from the issue of a lawyer , the agents quickly changed the scenery . 
 delocke stood and said , `` i need to take a leak . '' 
 pankovits said , `` and i need more coffee . 
 how about you , quinn ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 delocke slammed the door as he left . 
 pankovits stood and stretched his back . 
 it was almost 3:00 a.m. quinn had two brothers and two sisters , ages twenty-seven to forty-two , all at one point or another involved in the family 's drug-trafficking syndicate . 
 one sister had eased out of the actual smuggling and selling but was still involved in various laundering operations . 
 the other had left the business , moved away , and tried to avoid the family altogether . 
 the youngest of the siblings was dee ray rucker , a quiet young man who studied finance at georgetown and knew how to move money around . 
 he had one gun charge but nothing significant . 
 dee ray really did n't have the stomach for the fear and violence of the street life and tried to stay away from it . 
 he lived with his girlfriend in a modest condo near union station , and it was there that the fbi found him shortly after midnight : in bed , unburdened by outstanding warrants or ongoing criminal investigations , oblivious to what was happening to his dear brother quinn , carefree , and sleeping soundly . 
 he was taken into custody without resistance but with an enormous amount of bitching . 
 the squad of agents who snatched him offered little explanation . 
 at the fbi building on pennsylvania avenue , he was hustled into a room where he was placed in a chair and surrounded by agents , all wearing navy parkas with `` fbi '' in bright yellow . 
 the scene was photographed from several angles . 
 after an hour of sitting handcuffed and being told nothing , he was removed from the room , walked back to the van , and driven home . 
 he was deposited at the curb without another word . 
 his girlfriend fetched him some pills and he eventually settled down . 
 he would call his lawyer in the morning and raise hell , but the entire episode would soon be forgotten . 
 in the drug trade , you do n't expect happy endings . 
 when delocke returned from the restroom , he held the door open for a moment . 
 a slender , attractive secretary of some variety entered with a tray of drinks and cookies , which she set on the edge of the table . 
 she smiled at quinn , who was still standing in the corner , too confused to acknowledge her . 
 after she left , pankovits popped a can of red bull and poured it over ice . 
 `` you need a red bull , quinn ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he served them all night at the bar , red bull and vodka , but had never cared for the taste . 
 the break in the action gave him a moment to catch his breath and try to organize his thoughts . 
 should he continue , or should he remain silent and insist on a lawyer ? 
 his instincts were for the latter , but he was extremely curious about how much the fbi knew . 
 he was reeling from what they had already discovered , but how far could they go ? 
 delocke fixed himself a red bull too , over ice , and munched on a cookie . 
 `` have a seat , quinn , '' he said , waving him back to the table . 
 quinn took a few steps and sat down . 
 pankovits was already taking notes . 
 `` your older brother , i believe they call him tall man , is he still in the d.c. area ? '' 
 `` what 's he got to do with anything ? '' 
 `` just filling in some gaps here , quinn . 
 that 's all . 
 i like to have all the facts , or as many as possible . 
 have you seen much of tall man in the past three months ? '' 
 `` no comment . '' 
 `` okay . 
 your younger brother , dee ray , is he still in the d.c. area ? '' 
 `` i do n't know where dee ray is . '' 
 `` have you seen much of dee ray in the past three months ? '' 
 `` no comment . '' 
 `` did dee ray go to roanoke with you when you got arrested ? '' 
 `` no comment . '' 
 `` was anyone with you when you got arrested in roanoke ? '' 
 `` i was alone . '' 
 delocke exhaled in frustration . 
 pankovits sighed as if this were just another lie and they knew it . 
 `` i swear i was alone , '' quinn said . 
 `` what were you doing in roanoke ? '' 
 delocke asked . 
 `` business . '' 
 `` trafficking ? '' 
 `` that 's our business . 
 roanoke is part of our territory . 
 we had a situation there and i had to take care of it . '' 
 `` what kind of situation ? '' 
 `` no comment . '' 
 pankovits took a long pull of his red bull and said , `` you know , quinn , the problem we have right now is that we ca n't believe a word you 're saying . 
 you lie . 
 we know you lie . 
 you even admit you lie . 
 we ask a question , you give us a lie . '' 
 `` we 're getting nowhere , quinn , '' delocke chimed in . 
 `` what were you doing in roanoke ? '' 
 quinn reached forward and took an oreo . 
 he pulled off the top , licked the creme , stared at delocke , and finally said , `` we had a mule down there who we suspected of being an informant . 
 we lost two shipments under strange circumstances , and we figured things out . 
 i went to see the mule . '' 
 `` to kill him ? '' 
 `` no , we do n't operate that way . 
 i could n't find him . 
 he apparently got word and took off . 
 i went to a bar , drank too much , got in a fight , had a bad night . 
 the next day , a friend told me about a good deal on a hummer , so i went to see it . '' 
 `` who was the friend ? '' 
 `` no comment . '' 
 `` you 're lying , '' delocke said . 
 `` you 're lying and we know you 're lying . 
 you 're not even a good liar , quinn , you know that ? '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 `` why did you title the hummer in north carolina ? '' 
 pankovits asked . 
 `` because i was on the run , remember ? 
 i was an escapee , trying not to leave a trail . 
 get it , fellas ? 
 fake id . 
 fake address . 
 fake everything . '' 
 `` who is jakeel staley ? '' 
 delocke asked . 
 quinn hesitated for a second , tried to shake it off , and answered nonchalantly , `` my nephew . '' 
 `` and where is he now ? '' 
 `` federal pen somewhere . 
 i 'm sure you guys know the answer . '' 
 `` alabama , serving eighteen years , '' pankovits said . 
 `` jakeel got busted near roanoke with a van full of cocaine , right ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure you have the file . '' 
 `` did you try to help jakeel ? '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 both agents overreacted with feigned frustration . 
 both took a sip of red bull . 
 delocke reached for another oreo . 
 there were a dozen left on the platter , and there was a pot full of coffee . 
 from the looks of things , they planned to be there all night . 
 pankovits said , `` come on , quinn , stop playing games . 
 we 've established that jakeel was busted in roanoke , lots of coke , lots of years ahead in the pen , and the question is whether or not you tried to help the boy . '' 
 `` sure . 
 he 's part of the family , part of the business , and he got busted in the course of his employment . 
 the family always steps forward . '' 
 `` did you hire the lawyer ? '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 `` how much did you pay the lawyer ? '' 
 quinn thought for a moment , then said , `` i do n't really remember . 
 it was a sackful of cash . '' 
 `` you paid the lawyer in cash ? '' 
 `` that 's what i just said . 
 nothing wrong with cash , last time i checked . 
 we do n't use bank accounts and credit cards and things the feds can follow . 
 just cash . '' 
 `` who gave you the cash to hire the lawyer ? '' 
 `` no comment . '' 
 `` did you get the cash from dee ray ? '' 
 `` no comment . '' 
 pankovits slowly reached for a thin file and removed a sheet of paper . 
 `` well , dee ray says he gave you all the cash you would need in roanoke . '' 
 quinn shook his head and offered a nasty smile that said , `` bullshit . '' 
 pankovits slid across an eight-by-ten color enlargement of a photograph of dee ray surrounded by fbi agents , with his hands cuffed , his mouth open , and his face angry . 
 delocke explained , `` we picked up dee ray in d.c. about an hour after we brought you in . 
 he likes to talk , you know . 
 in fact , he talks a lot more than you do . '' 
 quinn stared at the photo and was speechless . 
 the freezer . 
 four in the morning . 
 victor westlake stood , again , and walked around the room . 
 movement was needed to fight off sleep . 
 the other four agents were still awake , their systems pumped with over-the-counter amphetamines , red bull , and coffee . 
 `` damn , these guys are slow , '' one of them said . 
 `` they 're methodical , '' another replied . 
 `` they 're wearing him down . 
 the fact that he 's still talking after seven hours is incredible . '' 
 `` he does n't want to go to the county jail . '' 
 `` ca n't blame him there . '' 
 `` i think he 's still curious . 
 cat and mouse . 
 how much do we really know ? '' 
 `` they 're not going to trick him . 
 he 's too smart . '' 
 `` they know what they 're doing , '' westlake said . 
 he sat down and poured another cup of coffee . 
 in norfolk , pankovits poured a cup of coffee and asked , `` who drove you to roanoke ? '' 
 `` nobody . 
 i drove myself . '' 
 `` what kind of car ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember . '' 
 `` you 're lying , quinn . 
 someone drove you to roanoke the week before february 7 . 
 there were two of you . 
 we have witnesses . '' 
 `` then your witnesses are lying . 
 you 're lying . 
 everybody 's lying . '' 
 `` you bought the hummer on february 9 , paid cash , and there was no trade-in . 
 how did you get to the used-car lot that day when you bought the hummer ? 
 who took you ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember . '' 
 `` so you do n't remember who took you ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember anything . 
 i was hungover and still about half drunk . '' 
 `` come on , quinn , '' delocke said . 
 `` these lies are getting ridiculous . 
 what are you hiding ? 
 if you 're not hiding something , then you would n't be lying so much . '' 
 `` what , exactly , do you want to know ? '' 
 quinn asked , hands in the air . 
 `` where did you get all that cash , quinn ? '' 
 `` i 'm a drug dealer . 
 i 've been a drug dealer most of my life . 
 i 've spent time in prison because i 'm a drug dealer . 
 we burn cash . 
 we eat cash . 
 do n't you understand this ? '' 
 pankovits was shaking his head . 
 `` but , quinn , according to your story , you were not working much for the family after your escape . 
 they were afraid of you , right ? 
 am i right about this ? '' 
 he asked , looking at delocke , who quickly confirmed that , yes , his partner was right about this . 
 delocke said , `` the family shunned you , so you began making runs down south and back . 
 you say you earned about $ 46,000 , which we now know is a lie , because you spent $ 24,000 on the hummer and we found $ 41,000 in your storage unit . '' 
 pankovits said , `` you came across some cash , quinn . 
 what are you hiding ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` then why are you lying ? '' 
 `` everybody 's lying . 
 i thought we all agreed on that . '' 
 delocke tapped the table and said , `` let 's go back a few years , quinn . 
 your nephew jakeel staley is in jail , here in roanoke , waiting on a trial . 
 you paid his lawyer some amount in cash for legal services , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` was there more cash ? 
 a little extra to help grease the system ? 
 maybe a bribe so the court would go easy on the kid ? 
 anything like that , quinn ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` of course i 'm sure . '' 
 `` come on , quinn . '' 
 `` i paid the lawyer in cash . 
 i assumed he kept the money for his fee . 
 that 's all i know . '' 
 `` who was the judge ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember . '' 
 `` does judge fawcett ring a bell ? '' 
 quinn shrugged . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` did you ever go to court with jakeel ? '' 
 `` i was there when he was sentenced to eighteen years . '' 
 `` were you surprised when he got eighteen years ? '' 
 `` yes , matter of fact i was . '' 
 `` he was supposed to get a lot less , was n't he ? '' 
 `` according to his lawyer , yes . '' 
 `` and you were in court so you could get a good look at judge fawcett , right ? '' 
 `` i was in court for my nephew . 
 that 's all . '' 
 the tag team paused at the same moment . 
 delocke took a sip of his red bull . 
 pankovits said , `` i need to go to the men 's room . 
 you okay , quinn ? '' 
 quinn was pinching his forehead . 
 `` sure , '' he replied . 
 `` get you something to drink ? '' 
 `` how about a sprite ? '' 
 `` you got it . '' 
 pankovits took his time . 
 quinn sipped his drink . 
 at 4:30 , the interrogation was resumed when delocke asked , `` so , quinn , have you kept up with the news during the past three months ? 
 read any newspapers ? 
 surely you 've been curious about your own escape and whether or not it 's made the news ? '' 
 quinn said , `` not really . '' 
 `` did you hear about judge fawcett ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 what about him ? '' 
 `` murdered , shot twice in the back of the head . '' 
 no reaction from quinn . 
 no surprise . 
 no pity . 
 nothing . 
 `` you did n't know that , quinn ? '' 
 pankovits asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` two hollow-point bullets , fired from a .38 - caliber handgun identical to the one we found in your trailer . 
 preliminary ballistics report says there 's a 90 percent chance your gun was used to kill the judge . '' 
 quinn began smiling and nodding . 
 `` now i get it , this is all about a dead judge . 
 you boys think i killed judge fawcett , right ? '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 `` great . 
 so we have wasted , what , seven hours with this bullshit . 
 you 're wasting my time , your time , dee ray 's time , everybody 's time . 
 i ai n't killed nobody . '' 
 `` have you ever been to ripplemead , virginia , population five hundred , deep in the mountains west of roanoke ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` it 's the nearest town to a small lake where the judge was murdered . 
 there are no black people in ripplemead , and when one shows up , he gets noticed . 
 the day before the judge was murdered , a black man matching your description was in town , according to the owner of a gas station . '' 
 `` a positive id , or just a wild guess ? '' 
 `` something in between . 
 we 'll show him a better photo of you tomorrow . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you will , and i 'll bet his memory improves greatly . '' 
 `` it usually does , '' delocke said . 
 `` four miles west of ripplemead the world comes to an end . 
 the asphalt stops , and a series of gravel roads disappear into the mountains . 
 there 's an old country store called peacock 's , and mr. peacock sees everything . 
 the day before the murder , he says a black man stopped by asking for directions . 
 mr. peacock ca n't remember the last time he saw a black man in his part of the world . 
 he gave a description . 
 matches you very well . '' 
 quinn shrugged and said , `` i 'm not that stupid . '' 
 `` really ? 
 then why did you hang on to the smith and wesson ? 
 when we get the final ballistics report , you 're dead , quinn . '' 
 `` the gun 's stolen , okay ? 
 stolen guns make the rounds . 
 i bought it from a pawnshop in lynchburg two weeks ago . 
 it 's probably changed hands a dozen times in the past year . '' 
 a good point , and one they could not argue with , at least not until the ballistics tests were completed . 
 when they had the proof , though , no jury would believe quinn 's story about a stolen gun . 
 pankovits said , `` we found a pair of combat boots in your mini - storage unit . 
 a cheap pair of fake army surplus , canvas , camouflage , all that crap . 
 they are fairly new and have not been used that much . 
 why do you need combat boots , quinn ? '' 
 `` i have weak ankles . '' 
 `` nice . 
 how often do you wear them ? '' 
 `` not often if they 're in storage . 
 i tried them , they rubbed a blister , i forgot about them . 
 what 's the point ? '' 
 `` the point is that they match a boot print we took from the soil not far from the cabin where judge fawcett was murdered , '' pankovits said , lying but doing so effectively . 
 `` a match , quinn . 
 a match that puts you at the scene . '' 
 quinn dropped his chin and rubbed his eyes . 
 they were bloodshot and tired . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` four fifty , '' delocke replied . 
 `` i need some sleep . '' 
 `` well , that might be difficult , quinn . 
 we checked with the county jail and your cell is quite crowded . 
 eight men , four bunks . 
 you 'll be lucky to get a spot on the floor . '' 
 `` i do n't think i like that jail . 
 could we try another one ? '' 
 `` sorry . 
 wait till you see death row , quinn . '' 
 `` i ai n't going to death row because i did n't kill anybody . '' 
 pankovits said , `` here 's where we are , quinn . 
 two witnesses put you in the vicinity at the time of the murder , and the vicinity is not exactly a busy street corner . 
 you were there and you were noticed and remembered . 
 ballistics will nail your ass . 
 the boot print is icing on the cake . 
 that 's the crime scene . 
 after the crime , it gets even better , or worse , depending on one 's perspective . 
 you were in roanoke the day after the bodies were found , tuesday , february 8 , by your own admission and by way of the city 's jail records and court docket . 
 and suddenly you had a satchelful of cash . 
 you posted bond , then paid $ 24,000 for the hummer , pissed away plenty more , and when we finally catch you , there 's another stash hidden in a mini-storage . 
 motive ? 
 there 's plenty of motive . 
 you had a deal with judge fawcett to rule in favor of jakeel staley . 
 you bribed him , something like $ 500,000 , and after he took the cash , he forgot about the deal . 
 he threw the book at jakeel , and you vowed revenge . 
 eventually , you got it . 
 unfortunately , his secretary got in the way too . '' 
 delocke said , `` a death penalty case , quinn , open and shut . 
 federal death penalty . '' 
 quinn 's eyes closed as his body shrank . 
 he began breathing rapidly as sweat formed above his eyebrows . 
 a minute passed , then another . 
 the tough guy was gone . 
 his replacement said weakly , `` you got the wrong guy . '' 
 pankovits laughed , and delocke , sneering , said , `` is that the best you can do ? '' 
 `` you got the wrong guy , '' quinn repeated , but with even less conviction . 
 `` that sounds pretty lame , quinn , '' delocke said . 
 `` and it 'll sound even weaker in the courtroom . '' 
 quinn stared at his hands as another minute passed . 
 finally , he said , `` if you boys know so much , what else do you want ? '' 
 pankovits replied , `` there are a few gaps . 
 did you act alone ? 
 how did you open the safe ? 
 why did you kill the secretary ? 
 what happened to the rest of the money ? '' 
 `` ca n't help you there . 
 i do n't know nothing about it . '' 
 `` you know everything , quinn , and we 're not leaving until you fill in the gaps . '' 
 `` then i guess we 're going to be here for a long time , '' quinn said . 
 he leaned forward , placed his head on the table , and said , `` i 'm taking a nap . '' 
 though pleased with the progress of the interrogation , victor westlake was worried . 
 there were no witnesses , no ballistics report linking quinn 's .38 to the crime scene , no boot print , and no simultaneous interrogation of dee ray . 
 there was motive , if they believed malcolm bannister 's story about the bribe . 
 the strongest evidence so far was the fact that quinn rucker was in roanoke the day after the bodies were found and that he had too much cash . 
 westlake and his team were exhausted from the all-nighter , and it was still dark outside . 
 they reloaded with coffee and took long walks around the freezer . 
 they occasionally checked on the screen for images of their suspect . 
 quinn was lying on the table but not sleeping . 
 at 6:00 a.m. , pankovits and delocke returned to the interrogation room . 
 each had a tall glass with a refill of red bull and ice . 
 quinn got off the table and settled himself into his chair for another round . 
 pankovits went first . 
 `` just got off the phone with the u.s. attorney , quinn . 
 we briefed him on our progress here with you , and he says his grand jury will convene tomorrow and hand down the indictment . 
 two counts of capital murder . '' 
 `` congratulations , '' quinn replied . 
 `` i guess i 'd better find me a lawyer . '' 
 `` sure , but it might take more than one . 
 i 'm not sure how much you understand about federal racketeering laws , quinn , but they can be brutal . 
 the u.s. attorney will take the position that the murders of judge fawcett and his secretary were the actions of a gang , a well-known and well-organized gang , with you , of course , as the triggerman . 
 the indictment will include a lot of charges , including capital murder , but also bribery . 
 and , most important , it will name not only you but other nefarious characters such as tall man , dee ray , one of your sisters , your cousin antoine beck , and a couple dozen other relatives . '' 
 delocke added , `` you guys can have your own wing on death row . 
 the rucker-beck gang , all lined up , cell to cell , just waiting for the needle . '' 
 delocke was smiling and pankovits was amused . 
 a couple of comedians . 
 quinn began scratching the side of his head and talking to the floor . 
 `` you know , i wonder what my lawyer would say about this , got me locked in this dark room , no windows , all night long , started at , what , ` bout nine last night and here it is six in the morning , nine straight hours of nonstop bullshit from you two , accusing me of bribing a judge , then killing a judge , and now threatening me with death , and not only my ass but my whole family as well . 
 you say you got witnesses out there , all lined up and ready to testify , and ballistics on a stolen gun , and a boot print where some sumbitch stepped in mud , and how am i supposed to know if you 're telling the truth or lying your ass off because i would n't trust the fbi with anything , never have , never will . 
 lied to me the first time i got busted and sent away , and i assume you 're lying here tonight . 
 maybe i lied a little , but can you honestly tell me right now that you ai n't lied to me tonight ? 
 can you ? '' 
 pankovits and delocke stared at him . 
 maybe it was fear , or guilt . 
 maybe it was delirium . 
 whatever , quinn was really talking . 
 `` we are telling the truth , '' pankovits managed to say . 
 `` and chalk up another lie . 
 my lawyer will get to the bottom of this . 
 he 'll nail your ass in court , expose you , expose all your lies . 
 show me the boot print analysis . 
 now , i want to see it . '' 
 `` we 're not authorized to show it to anyone , '' pankovits said . 
 `` how convenient . '' 
 quinn leaned forward with an elbow on each knee . 
 his forehead almost touched the edge of the table , and he kept talking to the floor . 
 `` what about the ballistics report ? 
 can i see that ? '' 
 `` we 're not authorized - '' `` what a surprise . 
 my lawyer 'll get it , whenever and wherever i get to see my lawyer . 
 i 've asked for him all night , and my rights have been violated . '' 
 `` you have not asked for your lawyer , '' delocke said . 
 `` you 've mentioned a lawyer in vague terms , but you have not requested one . 
 and you 've kept talking . '' 
 `` as if i had a choice . 
 either sit here and talk or go to the drunk tank with a bunch of winos . 
 i 've been there before , you know , and i ai n't afraid of it . 
 it 's just part of the business , you know ? 
 you do the crime , you do the time . 
 you know the rules when you get into the business . 
 you see all your friends and family shipped off , but they come back , you know ? 
 you do your time and you get out . '' 
 `` or you escape , '' delocke said . 
 `` that too . 
 pretty stupid , i guess , but i had to walk . '' 
 `` because you had to settle a score , right , quinn ? 
 for two years in prison you thought about judge fawcett every day . 
 he took your money , then he broke the deal . 
 in your business , he had to go down , right ? '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 quinn was rubbing his temples , staring at his feet , almost mumbling . 
 the agents took a deep breath and exchanged a quick smile . 
 finally , the first hint of an admission . 
 pankovits rearranged some papers and said , `` now , quinn , let 's look at where we are . 
 you 've just admitted judge fawcett had to go down , is that right ? 
 quinn ? '' 
 quinn was still leaning on his elbows , staring at the floor , rocking now as if in a daze . 
 he did not respond . 
 delocke read from his legal pad and said , `` according to my notes , quinn , i asked the question , and i quote , ` in your business , he had to go down , right ? ' 
 and you replied , ` that 's right . ' 
 do you deny this , quinn ? '' 
 `` you 're putting words in my mouth . 
 stop it . '' 
 pankovits jumped in : `` okay , quinn , we need to inform you of some recent developments . 
 about two hours ago , dee ray finally admitted he gave you the cash to pass along to judge fawcett , and that he , tall man , and some of the others helped you plan the murder . 
 dee ray 's come clean , and he 's already got a deal - no death penalty , no capital murder . 
 we picked up tall man two hours ago , and now we 're looking for one of your sisters . 
 this is getting ugly . '' 
 `` come on . 
 they do n't know nothing . '' 
 `` of course they do , and they 'll be indicted with you tomorrow . '' 
 `` you ca n't do that , man . 
 come on . 
 it 'll kill my mother . 
 poor woman 's seventy years old and got a bad heart . 
 you ca n't be messing with her like that . '' 
 `` then step up , quinn ! '' 
 pankovits said loudly . 
 `` take the heat ! 
 you did the crime . 
 as you like to say , now do the time . 
 no sense taking the rest of your family down with you . '' 
 `` step up and do what ? '' 
 `` cut a deal . 
 give us the details , and we lean on the u.s. attorney to lay off your family , '' pankovits said . 
 `` and there 's something else , '' delocke added . 
 `` if we do the right deal , there will be no death penalty . 
 just life , no parole . 
 seems the fawcett family does not believe in the death penalty , nor do they want a long , painful trial . 
 they want the case closed , and the u.s. attorney will respect their wishes . 
 according to him , he will consider a plea agreement , one that will save your life . '' 
 `` why should i believe you ? '' 
 `` you do n't have to , quinn . 
 just wait a couple of days for the indictments to come down . 
 there could be as many as thirty people named for various charges . '' 
 quinn rucker stood slowly and stretched his hands as high as possible . 
 he took a few steps in one direction , then another , and began saying , `` bannister , bannister , bannister . '' 
 `` beg your pardon , quinn , '' pankovits said . 
 `` bannister , bannister , bannister . '' 
 `` who 's bannister ? '' 
 delocke asked . 
 `` bannister is a rat , '' quinn said bitterly . 
 `` scum , an old friend in frostburg , a crooked lawyer who claims he 's innocent . 
 nothing but a rat . 
 do n't pretend you do n't know him , because you would n't be here if he was n't a rat . '' 
 `` never met the man , '' pankovits said . 
 delocke was shaking his head no . 
 quinn sat down and thrust both elbows onto the table . 
 he was wide-awake now , his narrow eyes glaring at the two agents , his thick hands rubbing each other . 
 `` so what 's the deal ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we ca n't make deals , quinn , but we can make things happen , '' pankovits said . 
 `` for starters , we call off the dogs in d.c. , and your family and gang are left alone , for now anyway . 
 the u.s. attorney has been taking heat for five weeks , ever since the murder , and he 's desperate for some good news . 
 he assures us , and we can assure you , that there will be no capital murder charge and that it will be a stand-alone indictment . 
 just you , for the two killings . 
 plain and simple . '' 
 delocke said , `` that 's one half , the other half is a video statement from you confessing to the crimes . '' 
 quinn wrapped his hands around his head and closed his eyes . 
 a minute passed as he fought himself . 
 `` i really want my lawyer , '' he finally said through clenched teeth . 
 delocke replied , `` you can do that , quinn , of course you can . 
 but dee ray and tall man are in custody right now , singing like birds , and things are only getting worse . 
 it might be a day or two before your lawyer can get down here . 
 you say the word , and we 'll turn your brothers loose and leave them alone . '' 
 quinn suddenly snapped and yelled , `` all right ! '' 
 `` all right what ? '' 
 `` all right , i 'll do it ! '' 
 `` not so fast , quinn , '' pankovits said . 
 `` we need to go over a few things first . 
 let 's review the facts , put things in order , set the stage , make sure we 're all on the same page with the crime scene . 
 we need to make sure that all important details are included . '' 
 `` okay , okay . 
 but can i have some breakfast ? '' 
 one of the few virtues of prison life is the gradual acquisition of patience . 
 nothing moves at a reasonable pace , and you learn to ignore clocks . 
 tomorrow will come around soon enough ; surviving today is enough of a challenge . 
 after my quick trip to d.c. , i roam around frostburg for a couple of days reminding myself that i have become a very patient person , that the fbi will move quickly , and , regardless , there is nothing more i can do . 
 much to my surprise , and relief , events unfold rapidly . 
 i do not expect the fbi to keep me in the loop , so i have no way of knowing they have arrested quinn rucker and that he has confessed . 
 this news is delivered by the washington post , on saturday , march 19 , front page , beneath the fold : suspect arrested in murder of federal judge . 
 there is a large black-and-white photo of quinn , one of his mug shots , and i stare into his eyes as i take a seat in the coffee room just after breakfast . 
 the article is rather light on facts but heavy on suspicion . 
 obviously , all news is being parceled out by the fbi , so there 's not much detail . 
 the arrest , in norfolk , of an escaped felon , one with a conviction for drug trafficking and a long history of gang involvement in the d.c. area . 
 there is no whiff of a motive , no clue as to how the fbi decided quinn was their man , and only a passing reference to a ballistics report . 
 most important , the article states , `` after waiving his miranda rights , the suspect voluntarily underwent a lengthy interrogation and provided the fbi with a videotaped confession . '' 
 i met quinn rucker two years ago , not long after he arrived at frostburg . 
 after he settled in , he made his way to the library and asked me to review his sentencing order . 
 in prison , you learn to make friends slowly , with great caution , because few people are genuine . 
 naturally , the place is swarming with crooks , cons , and scam artists , and everyone is looking out for his own skin . 
 with quinn , though , things were different . 
 he was instantly likeable , and i 'm not sure i 've met another person with as much charisma and sincerity . 
 then the mood would swing , and he would withdraw into himself and suffer through his `` dark days , '' as he called them . 
 he could be cranky , rude , and harsh , and the potential for violence was not far from the surface . 
 he would eat alone and speak to no one . 
 two days later , he would be telling jokes over breakfast and challenging the serious players to a game of poker . 
 he could be loud and cocky , then quiet and vulnerable . 
 as i 've said , there is no violence at frostburg . 
 the nearest thing to a fight i 've seen was an episode in which a hillbilly we called skunk challenged quinn to a fistfight to settle a gambling dispute . 
 skunk was at least four inches shorter and thirty pounds lighter than quinn , but the fight never happened . 
 quinn backed down and was humiliated . 
 two days later , he showed me a homemade knife , a `` shank , '' that he 'd bought on the black market . 
 he planned to use it to slice skunk 's throat . 
 i talked him out of the killing , though i was n't convinced he was serious . 
 i spent a lot of time with quinn and we became friends . 
 he was convinced i could work some legal magic , spring us both from prison , and we would become partners of some sort . 
 he was tired of the family business and wanted to go straight . 
 there was a pot of gold waiting out there , and judge fawcett was sitting on it . 
 henry bannister is waiting in the visitors ' room , sitting sadly in a folding chair while a young mother and her three children squabble nearby . 
 the room will fill up as the morning goes on , and henry prefers to get his visits over with earlier rather than later . 
 the rules allow a family member to sit and chat with an inmate from 7:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. each saturday and sunday , but one hour is enough for henry . 
 and for me as well . 
 if things go as planned , and i have little reason to believe they will , this could be my last visit with my father . 
 i may not see him again for years , if ever , but i ca n't discuss this . 
 i take the brown bag of cookies from aunt racine and nibble on one . 
 we talk about my brother , marcus , and his rotten children and my sister , ruby , and her perfect ones . 
 winchester averages one murder per year , and the quota was filled last week when a husband arrived home early from work and saw a strange truck parked in his driveway . 
 he sneaked into his house and caught his wife with one of his acquaintances , both enthusiastically violating their marriage vows . 
 the husband had picked up his shotgun , and when the tomcat saw it , he attempted to jump through an unopened bedroom window , naked . 
 he did n't make it , and gunfire followed . 
 henry thinks the guy might get off and relishes telling the story . 
 it seems the entire town is split between guilt and justifiable homicide . 
 i can almost hear the relentless gossip in the old town coffee shops i once visited . 
 he dwells on this story for a long time , probably because we do not want to cover family issues . 
 but cover them we must . 
 he changes subjects and says , `` looks like that little white girl is thinking about an abortion . 
 maybe i wo n't be a great-grandfather after all . '' 
 `` delmon will do it again , '' i say . 
 we always expect the worst out of the kid . 
 `` we need to get him sterilized . 
 he 's too stupid to use condoms . '' 
 `` buy him some anyway . 
 you know marcus is too broke . '' 
 `` i only see the kid when he wants something . 
 hell , i 'll probably get hit up for the abortion . 
 i think the girl 's trash . '' 
 while on the topic of money , i ca n't help but think about the reward in the fawcett case . 
 a hundred and fifty thousand dollars cash . 
 i 've never seen so much money . 
 before bo was born , dionne and i realized one day we had saved $ 6,000 . 
 we put half in a mutual fund and took a cruise with the remainder . 
 our frugal habits were soon forgotten , and we never again had that kind of cash . 
 just before i was indicted , we refinanced our house to squeeze out every last drop of equity . 
 the money went for legal fees . 
 i 'll be rich and on the run . 
 i remind myself not to get excited , but it 's impossible . 
 henry needs a new left knee , and we talk about this for some time . 
 he 's always poked fun at old folks who dwell on their ailments , but he 's getting just as bad . 
 after an hour , he 's bored and ready to go . 
 i walk with him to the door , and we shake hands stiffly . 
 as he leaves , i wonder if i will ever see him again . 
 sunday . 
 no word from the fbi , or anyone else . 
 i read four newspapers after breakfast and learn almost nothing new about quinn rucker and his arrest . 
 however , there is one significant development . 
 according to the post , the u.s. attorney for the southern district of virginia will present the case to the grand jury tomorrow . 
 monday . 
 if the grand jury issues an indictment , then , in theory and by agreement , i am supposed to become a free man . 
 there is a surprising amount of organized religion in prison . 
 as troubled men , we seek solace , peace , comfort , and guidance . 
 we 've been humiliated , humbled , stripped bare of dignity , family , and assets , and we have nothing left . 
 cast into hell , we look upward for a way out . 
 there are a few muslims who pray five times a day and stick to themselves . 
 there is a self-appointed buddhist monk with a few followers . 
 no jews or mormons that i know of . 
 then there are us christians , and this is where it gets complicated . 
 a catholic priest comes in twice a month for mass at eight on sunday mornings . 
 as soon as the catholics clear out of the small chapel , a nondenominational service is held for those from mainline churches - methodist , baptist , presbyterian , and so on . 
 this is where i fit in on most sundays . 
 at 10:00 a.m. , the white pentecostals gather for a rowdy service with loud music and even louder preaching , along with healing and speaking in tongues . 
 this service is supposed to end at 11:00 a.m. but often runs longer as the spirit moves among the worshippers . 
 the black pentecostals get the chapel at 11:00 a.m. but sometimes must wait while the white ones simmer down . 
 i 've heard stories of harsh words between the two groups , but so far no fights have erupted in the chapel . 
 once they get the pulpit , the black pentecostals keep it throughout the afternoon . 
 it would be wrong to get the impression that frostburg is filled with bible-thumpers . 
 it is not . 
 it 's still a prison , and the majority of my fellow inmates would not be caught dead in a church service . 
 agent hanski is waiting with a new player in my game - pat surhoff , u.s. marshal . 
 we make our introductions and gather around a small table not far down the hall from the warden 's office . 
 he , of course , would never be seen on the premises on a sunday , and who could blame him ? 
 hanski whips out a document and slides it across . 
 `` here 's the indictment , '' he says . 
 `` came down late friday afternoon in roanoke , still a secret , but it will be released to the press first thing in the morning . '' 
 i hold it like a brick of gold and have trouble focusing on the words . 
 united states of america versus quinn al rucker . 
 it 's been stamped in the top right corner , with last friday 's date in blue ink . 
 `` the post said the grand jury meets in the morning , '' i manage to say , though it 's obvious what 's already happened . 
 `` we 're playing the press , '' hanski says smugly . 
 smug , but a much nicer guy this time around . 
 our roles have changed dramatically . 
 once i had been a shifty-eyed con looking for a deal and probably scamming the system . 
 now , though , i 'm the golden boy about to walk out of here and take some cash with me . 
 i shake my head and say , `` i 'm at a loss for words , guys . 
 help me here . '' 
 hanski is ready to pounce . 
 `` here 's what we have in mind , mr. bannister . '' 
 `` how about mal now ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` great . 
 i 'm chris and he 's pat . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 `` the bureau of prisons has just reassigned you to the medium-security joint at fort wayne , indiana . 
 reason unknown , or not given . 
 some type of rule violation that pissed off the big guys . 
 no visitors for six months . 
 solitary confinement . 
 anyone who 's curious can find you online with the inmate locator service , but they 'll soon hit a brick wall . 
 after a couple of months in fort wayne , you 'll be reassigned again . 
 the goal is to keep you moving throughout the system and buried in it . '' 
 `` i 'm sure this will be quite easy for the bureau , '' i say , and they both laugh . 
 man , have i changed teams or what ? 
 `` in a few minutes , we 'll do the handcuff and ankle-chain routine , for the last time , and walk you out of here , just like a normal transfer . 
 you 'll get in an unmarked van with pat and another marshal , and they 'll drive you west , headed for fort wayne . 
 i 'll follow . 
 sixty miles down the road , just this side of morgantown , we 'll stop at a motel where we have some rooms . 
 you 'll change clothes , have some lunch , and we 'll talk about the future . '' 
 `` in a few minutes ? '' 
 i say , shocked . 
 `` that 's the plan . 
 is there anything in your cell that you can not live without ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i have some personal stuff , paperwork and such . '' 
 `` okay . 
 we 'll get the prison to box up everything tomorrow and we 'll get it to you . 
 it 's best if you do n't go back there . 
 if someone saw you gathering your things , they might ask questions . 
 we do n't want anyone here to know you 're leaving until you 're gone . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 `` no farewells and all that crap , okay ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 for a second i think about my friends here at frostburg , but quickly let it go . 
 this day is coming for all of them too , and once you 're free , you do n't look back . 
 i doubt seriously if friendships made in prison endure on the outside . 
 and in my case , i will never be able to catch up with the old pals and reminisce . 
 i am about to become another person . 
 `` you have $ 78 in your prison account . 
 we 'll forward that to fort wayne , and it 'll get lost in the system . '' 
 `` screwed once more by the federal government , '' i say , and again they think i 'm funny . 
 `` any questions ? '' 
 hanski asks . 
 `` sure . 
 how did you get him to confess ? 
 he 's too smart for that . '' 
 `` we were surprised , frankly . 
 we used a couple of our veteran interrogators , and they have their methods . 
 he mentioned a lawyer a couple of times but backed off . 
 he wanted to talk , and he seemed overwhelmed by the fact that he 'd been caught , not for the escape , but for the murder . 
 he wanted to know how much we knew , so we kept talking . 
 for ten hours . 
 through the night into the early morning . 
 he did n't want to leave and go to jail , so he stayed in the room . 
 once he became convinced that we knew what we knew , he broke down . 
 when we mentioned the possibility of his family being indicted , along with most of his gang , he wanted to cut a deal . 
 he eventually gave us everything . '' 
 `` and by everything you mean ? '' 
 `` his story is basically what you told us . 
 he bribed judge fawcett with $ 500,000 to save his nephew , and the judge screwed him . 
 kept the money and nailed the kid . 
 in quinn 's world , that 's a crime that can not be forgiven and must be avenged . 
 he stalked judge fawcett , trailed him to his cabin , broke in on the judge and his secretary , and got his revenge . '' 
 `` how much of the money was left ? '' 
 `` about half of it . 
 quinn claims he broke into the judge 's apartment in roanoke , went through everything , and could n't find the money . 
 he suspected it was being kept somewhere else , somewhere safer . 
 that 's why he followed fawcett to the cabin . 
 he overpowered the judge on the front porch and got inside . 
 he was n't sure the money was there but was determined to find its location . 
 he did some bad things to the secretary and convinced fawcett to find the money . 
 thus , the hidden safe . 
 in quinn 's mind , the money belonged to him . '' 
 `` and i guess he felt he had to kill them ? '' 
 `` oh sure . 
 he could n't leave two witnesses behind . 
 there 's no remorse , mal . 
 the judge had it coming ; the secretary just got in the way . 
 now he 's facing two counts of capital murder . '' 
 `` so it 's a death penalty case ? '' 
 `` most likely . 
 we 've never executed anyone for killing a federal judge , and we 'd love to make quinn rucker our first example . '' 
 `` did he mention my name ? '' 
 i ask , certain of the answer . 
 `` indeed he did . 
 he strongly suspects you 're our source , and he 's probably plotting revenge . 
 that 's why we 're here now , ready to go . '' 
 i want to leave , but not so fast . 
 `` quinn knows about rule 35 ; in fact every federal inmate knows a lot about the rule . 
 you solve a crime on the outside , and you get your sentence commuted . 
 plus , he thinks i 'm a brilliant lawyer . 
 he and his family will know that i 'm out , not in prison , not in fort wayne or any other facility . '' 
 `` true , but let 's keep them guessing . 
 it 's also important for your family and friends to believe you 're still locked up . '' 
 `` are you worried about my family ? '' 
 i ask . 
 pat surhoff finally speaks . 
 `` on some level , yes , and we can provide protection for them if you so choose . 
 doing so will obviously disrupt their lives . '' 
 `` they 'll never agree to it , '' i reply . 
 `` my father would throw a punch if you mentioned it to him . 
 he 's a retired state trooper who 's certain he can take care of himself . 
 my son has a new father and a new life . '' 
 i can not comprehend the phone call to dionne to inform her that bo might be in danger because of something i 've done in prison . 
 and there 's a part of me that does not believe quinn rucker would harm an innocent boy . 
 `` we can discuss it later , if you 'd like , '' surhoff says . 
 `` let 's do that . 
 i 'm having far too many random thoughts right now . '' 
 hanski says , `` freedom awaits you , mal . '' 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 i follow them down a hallway and to another building where three cos and the captain are waiting . 
 i 'm handcuffed and shackled at the ankles , then escorted down a sidewalk to a waiting van . 
 an uninformed bystander would think i 'm being led to my execution . 
 a marshal named hitchcock is behind the wheel . 
 surhoff slides the door shut beside me and climbs into the front passenger seat . 
 away we go . 
 i refuse to look back for a parting shot of frostburg . 
 i have enough images to last for years . 
 i watch the countryside pass by and can not suppress a smile . 
 a few minutes later , we pull in to the parking lot of a shopping center . 
 surhoff jumps out , opens the sliding door , reaches over , and unlocks the handcuffs . 
 then he frees my ankles . 
 `` congratulations , '' he says warmly , and i decide that i like this guy . 
 i hear the chains rattle for the last time and massage my wrists . 
 soon , we accelerate onto interstate 68 and head west . 
 it 's almost springtime , and the rolling hills of far western maryland are showing signs of life . 
 the first few moments of freedom are almost overwhelming . 
 for five years i have dreamed of this day , and it is exhilarating . 
 there are so many thoughts competing for attention . 
 i ca n't wait to choose my own clothing , to put on a pair of jeans . 
 i ca n't wait to buy a car and drive anywhere i want . 
 i long for the feel of a woman 's body and for the taste of a steak and a cold beer . 
 i refuse to worry about the safety of my son and father . 
 they will not be harmed . 
 the marshals want to talk , and so i listen . 
 pat surhoff is saying , `` now , mal , you are no longer in the custody of anyone . 
 if you choose to enter the witness security program , more commonly known as witness protection , we , the u.s. marshals service , will take care of you . 
 we provide for your security , safety , and health . 
 we will get you a new identity with authentic documentation . 
 you will receive financial assistance for housing , living expenses , and medical care . 
 we 'll find you a job . 
 once you 're up and running , we do n't monitor your daily activities , but we 're always close by if you need us . '' 
 he sounds as though he 's reading from a brochure , but the words are music . 
 hitchcock chimes in , `` we 've had over eight thousand witnesses in the program , and not a single one has ever been harmed . '' 
 i ask the obvious question : `` where will i live ? '' 
 `` it 's a big country , mal , '' hitchcock replies . 
 `` we 've relocated witnesses a hundred miles from their homes and two thousand miles away . 
 distance is not that crucial , but , generally speaking , the farther the better . 
 you like warm weather or snow ? 
 mountains and lakes or sun and beaches ? 
 big cities or small cities ? 
 small towns are problematic , and we recommend a place with a population of at least 100,000 . '' 
 `` it 's easier to blend in , '' surhoff adds . 
 `` and i get to choose ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` within reason , yes , '' hitchcock says . 
 `` let me think about it . '' 
 which i do for the next ten miles or so , and not for the first time . 
 i have a pretty good idea of where i 'm going , and for what reasons . 
 i glance over my shoulder and see a familiar vehicle . 
 `` i 'm assuming that 's the fbi right behind us . '' 
 `` yes , agent hanski and another guy , '' surhoff says . 
 `` how long will they follow us ? '' 
 `` they 'll be gone in a few days , i suppose , '' surhoff says as he and hitchcock exchange looks . 
 they do n't really know , and i 'm not going to press them . 
 i ask , `` does the fbi routinely keep up with witnesses like me ? '' 
 hitchcock replies , `` it depends . 
 usually , when a witness enters witness protection , he has some unfinished business with the person or persons he snitched on . 
 so the witness may have to go back to court to testify . 
 in that case , the fbi wants to keep up with the witness , but they do it through us . 
 always through us . 
 over time , though , as the years go by , the fbi sort of forgets about the witnesses . '' 
 pat changes the subject . 
 `` one of the first things you have to do is change your name , legally of course . 
 we use a judge in fairfax county , northern virginia , who keeps the files locked . 
 it 's pretty routine , but you need to select a new name . 
 it 's best if you keep the same initials , and keep it simple . '' 
 `` for example ? '' 
 `` mike barnes . 
 matt booth . 
 mark bridges . 
 mitch baldwin . '' 
 `` sounds like a bunch of white fraternity brothers . '' 
 `` yes , it does . 
 but so does malcolm bannister . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 we ponder my new name for a few miles . 
 surhoff opens a laptop and pecks away . 
 he says , `` in this country , what 's the most common surname beginning with the letter b ? '' 
 `` baker , '' hitchcock guesses . 
 `` that 's number two . '' 
 `` bailey , '' i guess . 
 `` that 's number three . 
 bell is number four . 
 brooks number five . 
 the winner is brown , with twice as many customers as baker in second place . '' 
 `` one of my favorite african-american writers is james baldwin , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll take it . '' 
 `` okay , '' surhoff says , tapping keys . 
 `` first name ? '' 
 `` how about max ? '' 
 hitchcock nods his approval as surhoff enters the name max . 
 `` i like it , '' hitchcock says , as if sniffing a fine wine . 
 surhoff looks up and says , `` there are about twenty-five max baldwins in the united states , so it works fine . 
 a good solid name , not too common , not too exotic or weird . 
 i like it . 
 let 's dress it up a bit . 
 middle name ? 
 what works here , max ? '' 
 nothing works in the middle with max in front . 
 then i think of mr. reed and mr. copeland , my two former partners , and their tiny shop on braddock street in winchester . 
 copeland and reed , attorneys and counselors at law . 
 in their honor , i select reed . 
 `` max reed baldwin , '' surhoff says . 
 `` it 'll work . 
 now , a little suffix to bring it to an end , max ? 
 junior , the third , the fourth . 
 should n't get too fancy here . '' 
 hitchcock is shaking his head no . 
 `` leave it alone , '' he says almost under his breath . 
 `` i agree , '' i say . 
 `` nothing on the end . '' 
 `` great . 
 so we have a name . 
 max r. baldwin , right max ? '' 
 `` i guess . 
 let me mull it over for an hour or so . 
 i need to get used to it . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 as unsettling as it is , selecting a new name to be used for the rest of my life will be one of my easier decisions . 
 quite soon i 'll be confronted with choices far more difficult - eyes , nose , lips , chin , home , job , family history , and what kind of fictional childhood did i have ? 
 where did i go to college and what did i study ? 
 why am i single and have i been married ? 
 children ? 
 a few miles east of morgantown , we exit the interstate and find the lot of a best western , one of the older-style motels where you can park directly in front of your room . 
 men are waiting , agents of some variety , fbi , i presume , and as i slide out of the van , wonderfully unshackled , hanski rushes up and says , `` room 38 here is yours . '' 
 one of the unnamed agents unlocks the door and hands me the key . 
 inside , there are two queen-sized beds , and on one there is a selection of clothes . 
 hanski and surhoff close the door behind us . 
 `` i got your sizes from the prison , '' hanski says , waving an arm at my new wardrobe . 
 `` if you do n't like it , fine . 
 we can go shopping . '' 
 there are two white shirts and one of blue plaid , all with button-down collars ; two pairs of khakis and one pair of pre-washed and faded jeans ; a brown leather belt ; a stack of boxers , neatly folded ; two white t-shirts ; several pairs of socks still in the wrappers ; a pair of brown moccasins that look presentable ; and the ugliest pair of black loafers i 've ever seen . 
 overall , not a bad start . 
 `` thanks , '' i say . 
 hanski continues , `` toothbrush , toothpaste , shaving stuff , all in the bathroom . 
 there 's a small gym bag over there . 
 anything else you need , we 'll run to the store . 
 you want some lunch ? '' 
 `` not now . 
 i just want to be alone . '' 
 `` no problem , mal . '' 
 `` it 's now max , if you do n't mind . '' 
 `` max baldwin , '' surhoff added . 
 `` that was quick . '' 
 they leave and i lock the door . 
 i slowly strip out of the prison garb - olive shirt and pants , white socks , black thick-soled , lace-up shoes , and boxer shorts that are frayed and worn thin . 
 i put on a pair of the new boxers and a t-shirt , then crawl under the covers and stare at the ceiling . 
 for lunch , we walk next door to a low-budget seafood joint with a drive-through and all the crab legs one can eat for $ 7.99 . 
 it 's just hanski , surhoff , and i , and we enjoy a long meal of mediocre seafood that is , nonetheless , delicious . 
 with the pressure off , they actually crack jokes and comment on my wardrobe . 
 i return the insults by reminding them that i 'm not a white frat boy like them and from now on i 'll buy my own clothes . 
 as the afternoon moves along , they let me know that we have work to do . 
 a lot of decisions must be made . 
 we return to the motel , to the room next to mine , where one of the two beds is covered with files and papers . 
 hitchcock joins us , so there are four in the room , all supposedly working together , though i 'm skeptical . 
 i tell myself over and over that these guys are now on my side , that the government is my protector and friend , but i can not fully accept this . 
 perhaps over time they can gain my trust , but i doubt it . 
 the last time i spent hours with government agents i was promised i would not be prosecuted . 
 by now , the new name has stuck and that decision is final . 
 hanski says , `` max , we 're leaving here in the morning , and we need to decide where we 're going . 
 that will be determined by what changes in appearance you have in mind . 
 you 've made it clear that you want your face altered , which presents a challenge . '' 
 `` you mean with my testimony ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes . 
 rucker 's trial could be six months from now , or a year . '' 
 `` or he may plead guilty and not go to trial , '' i say . 
 `` sure . 
 but let 's assume he does n't do that . 
 let 's assume he goes to trial . 
 if you have the surgery now , your new face will be on display when you testify . 
 if you wait until after the trial , you 'll be much safer . '' 
 `` safer then , but what about now ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what about the next six months ? 
 the rucker gang will come after me , we know that . 
 they 're already thinking of ways , and the sooner the better for them . 
 if they can get me before the trial , then they rub out a valuable witness . 
 the next six months are the most dangerous , so i want the surgery now . 
 immediately . '' 
 `` okay . 
 what about the trial ? '' 
 `` come on , chris . 
 there are ways to hide me , you know that . 
 i can testify behind a screen or a veil . 
 it 's been done . 
 do n't you watch television or movies ? '' 
 this gets a chuckle here and there , but the mood is pretty serious . 
 the thought of testifying against quinn rucker is terrifying , but there are ways to protect me . 
 `` we did one last year , '' hitchcock says . 
 `` a big drug trial in new jersey . 
 the informant looked nothing like his old self , and we put a panel in front of the witness stand so only the judge and jury could see him . 
 we used a voice-altering device , and the defendants had no idea who he was or what he looked like . '' 
 `` they 'll certainly know who i am , '' i say . 
 `` i just do n't want them to see me . '' 
 `` all right , '' hanski says . 
 `` it 's your decision . '' 
 `` then consider it final , '' i say . 
 hanski pulls out his cell phone and heads for the door . 
 `` let me make some calls . '' 
 when he 's out of the room , surhoff says , `` okay , while he 's doing that , can we talk about a destination ? 
 give us some guidance here , max , so we can get busy finding a place . '' 
 i say , `` florida . 
 except for the marines , i 've lived my entire life in the hills and mountains . 
 i want a change of scenery , beaches and views of the ocean , a warmer climate . '' 
 i rattle this off as if i 've spent hours contemplating it , which in fact i have . 
 `` not south florida , it 's too hot . 
 maybe pensacola or jacksonville , up north where it 's a bit milder . '' 
 the marshals absorb this , and i can see their minds racing . 
 surhoff begins hitting keys on his laptop , looking for my new place in the sun . 
 i relax in a chair , my bare feet on the bed , and can not help but relish where i am . 
 it 's almost 4:00 p.m. sunday afternoons were the worst days at frostburg . 
 like most of the inmates , i did n't work on the sabbath and often grew bored . 
 there were pickup basketball games and long walks on the jogging trail , anything to stay busy . 
 visitation was over , and those who had seen their families were usually subdued . 
 another week was beginning , one just like the last one . 
 slowly , the prison life is fading . 
 i know it will be impossible to forget , but it 's time to start the process of putting it all behind me . 
 malcolm bannister is still an inmate , somewhere , but max baldwin is a free man with places to go and things to see . 
 after dark , we drive into morgantown in search of a steak house . 
 along the way , we pass a strip club . 
 nothing is said , but i am sorely tempted . 
 i have not seen a naked woman in five years , though i 've certainly dreamed of them . 
 however , i 'm not sure gawking at a bunch of strippers will be that fulfilling at this point . 
 we find the restaurant that 's been recommended and get a table : just three old pals having a nice dinner . 
 hanski , surhoff , and i order the largest fillets on the menu , and i wash mine down with three draft beers . 
 they stick with iced tea , but i can tell they envy my drinks . 
 we turn in before ten , but sleep is impossible . 
 i watch television for an hour , something i did little of at frostburg . 
 at midnight , i pick up the copy of the indictment hanski left behind and read every word . 
 there is no mention of a ballistics report or of any witnesses . 
 there is a lengthy narrative about the crime scene , the bullet wounds , causes of death , the burn marks on naomi clary 's body , and the empty safe , but no descriptions of physical evidence . 
 so far , quinn 's confession is all they have . 
 that , and the suspicion surrounding the cash in his possession . 
 an indictment can be amended by the prosecution at almost any time , and this one needs some work . 
 it appears to be a rush job intended to turn down the heat . 
 for stanley mumphrey , the u.s. attorney for the southern district , the event would be the biggest moment yet in his brief career as a federal prosecutor . 
 on the job for two years now , appointed by the president , he had found it all rather mundane , and though it was a fabulous addition to his resume , it was somewhat unfulfilling . 
 until , of course , judge fawcett and ms. clary were murdered . 
 instantly , stanley 's career had new meaning . 
 he had the hottest case in the country and , like many u.s. attorneys , planned to make the most of it . 
 the gathering was advertised as a press conference , though none of the authorities planned to answer any questions . 
 it was a show , nothing more , nothing less . 
 a carefully orchestrated act intended to -lrb- 1 -rrb- feed some egos and -lrb- 2 -rrb- let the public , especially the potential jurors , know that the feds had their man , and his name was quinn al rucker . 
 by 9:00 a.m. , the podium was covered with portable mikes , all advertising the television and radio stations from whence they came . 
 the courtroom was packed with reporters of all stripes . 
 men with bulky cameras stepped on each other as they jockeyed for position , all under the watchful eyes of courtroom deputies . 
 in the rule books and decisions that govern the practice and procedure of criminal law , at both the state and the federal levels , nowhere is it written that the `` announcement '' or `` handing down '' or `` delivering '' or `` issuance '' of an indictment must be publicized . 
 in fact , almost none of them are . 
 they are formally registered with the clerk once the grand jury makes its decision , and eventually served upon the defendant . 
 an indictment is only one side of the case - the prosecution 's . 
 nothing contained within an indictment is evidence ; at trial , the jury never sees it . 
 the grand jury that issues an indictment hears only one side of the case , that presented by the government . 
 occasionally , though , an indictment is too hot , too important , just too damned much fun , to be allowed to flow benignly through the system . 
 it must be publicized by those who 've worked so hard to catch a criminal and who will bring him to justice . 
 stanley mumphrey did nothing to apprehend quinn rucker , but he was certainly the man who would put him on trial . 
 in the federal pecking order , the u.s. attorney far outranks a mere fbi agent ; therefore , the event belonged to stanley . 
 as was customary , he would share -lrb- reluctantly -rrb- the spotlight with the fbi . 
 at 9:10 , a door opened beside the bench , and a platoon of hard-nosed men in black suits flooded the space behind the podium . 
 they jostled for position , all with their hands cupped over their balls . 
 the arrangement here was crucial because the frame was only so wide . 
 standing at the podium , side by side , were stanley mumphrey and victor westlake - head prosecutor , head cop . 
 behind them were fbi agents and assistant prosecutors , inching together , squeezing , trying to find a good view of the cameras so the cameras could hopefully see them . 
 the lucky ones would listen intently to mr. mumphrey and mr. westlake , and they would frown and act as if they had no clue there was a camera within two miles of the courthouse . 
 it was the same pathetic routine perfected by members of congress . 
 `` this morning , we have an indictment in the murder case of judge raymond fawcett and ms. naomi clary , '' mumphrey said slowly , his voice nervous and at least two octaves higher than normal . 
 he 'd been struggling in the courtroom , losing the slam dunk cases he assigned to himself , and the most common criticism was that he seemed jittery and out of place . 
 some felt that it was perhaps because he had spent so little time in the courtroom during his unremarkable ten-year career . 
 stanley picked up the indictment and held it higher , as if those watching were now expected to read the print . 
 `` this indictment is for two counts of murder . 
 the defendant is one quinn al rucker . 
 and , yes , i fully expect to seek the death penalty in this case . '' 
 this last sentence was supposed to send ripples of drama through the crowd , but stanley 's timing was off . 
 drama came quickly , though , when an aide flashed a large black-and-white photo of quinn on a screen . 
 finally , the world saw the man who killed the judge and his secretary . 
 guilty ! 
 reading shakily from his notes , stanley gave the background on quinn and managed to convey the impression that quinn had escaped from prison for the sole purpose of exacting revenge against the judge . 
 at one point , victor westlake , standing sentry-like at his shoulder , frowned and glanced down at his notes . 
 but stanley marched on , almost blubbering about his beloved friend and mentor raymond fawcett , how much the judge meant to him , and so on . 
 his voice actually shook a bit when he tried to explain how honored he was to have the awesome responsibility of seeking justice for these `` gruesome '' murders . 
 it would have taken about two minutes to read the entire indictment , then go home . 
 but no . 
 with a crowd like this , and millions watching , stanley found it necessary to ramble on and give a speech , one about justice and the war on crime . 
 after several painful digressions , he got back on track near the end when it was time to hand off . 
 he praised victor westlake and the entire federal bureau of investigation for its work , work that was `` superhuman , tireless , and brilliant . '' 
 when he finally shut up , westlake thanked him , though it was unclear if he was thanking him for shutting up or for passing along so many compliments . 
 westlake was far more experienced in these productions than young stanley , and he spoke for five minutes without saying anything . 
 he thanked his men , said he was confident the case had been solved , and wished the prosecution well . 
 when he finished and took a step back , a reporter yelled a question . 
 westlake snapped , `` no comment , '' and indicated it was time to go . 
 stanley , though , was n't ready to leave all those cameras . 
 for a second or two he smiled goofily at the crowd , as if to say , `` here i am . '' 
 then westlake whispered something to him . 
 `` thank you , '' stanley said and backed away . 
 the event was over . 
 i watch the press conference in my best western room . 
 the thought crosses my mind that , with stanley in charge , quinn may have a fighting chance after all . 
 if the case goes to trial , though , stanley will likely step aside and allow one of his seasoned assistants to handle matters . 
 no doubt he 'll continue to work the media and begin plotting his run for a higher office , but the serious trial work will be done by the pros . 
 depending on how long things are delayed , stanley might even be out of a job . 
 he serves a four-year term , same as the president . 
 when a challenger captures the white house , all u.s. attorneys are terminated . 
 when the press conference is over and the cnn talking heads begin babbling , i switch channels but find nothing of interest . 
 armed with the remote , i have total control over the television . 
 i am adjusting to freedom with remarkable ease . 
 i can sleep until i wake up . 
 i can choose what i wear , though the choices so far are limited . 
 most important , there is no cell mate , no one else to contend with in a ten-by-twelve cube . 
 i 've measured the motel room twice - approximately sixteen feet wide and thirty feet long , including the bathroom . 
 it 's a castle . 
 by mid-morning , we 're on the road , going south now , on interstate 79 . 
 three hours later we arrive at the airport in charleston , west virginia , where we say farewell to agent chris hanski . 
 he wishes me well , and i thank him for his courtesies . 
 pat surhoff and i board a commuter flight to charlotte , north carolina . 
 i have no documentation , but the marshals service and the airline speak in code . 
 i just follow pat , and i have to admit i 'm excited as i board the small plane . 
 the airport in charlotte is a large , open , modern place , and i stand on a mezzanine for two hours and watch the people come and go . 
 i am one of them , a free man , and i will soon have the ability to walk to the counter and buy a ticket going anywhere . 
 at 6:10 , we board a nonstop flight to denver . 
 the code pulled off an upgrade , and pat and i sit side by side in first class , compliments of the taxpayers . 
 i have a beer and he has a ginger ale . 
 dinner is roasted chicken and gravy , and i suppose most of the passengers eat it for sustenance . 
 for me , it 's fine dining . 
 i have a glass of pinot noir , my first sip of wine in many years . 
 victor westlake and his entourage left the press conference and drove four blocks to the downtown law office of jimmy lee arnold . 
 they presented themselves to the receptionist , who was expecting them . 
 within minutes , she led them down a narrow hall to a large conference room and offered coffee . 
 they thanked her and declined . 
 jimmy lee was a fixture in the roanoke criminal bar , a twenty-year veteran of the drug and vice wars . 
 he had represented jakeel staley , quinn rucker 's nephew , four years earlier . 
 like so many of the lone gunmen who labor near the fringes of the underworld , jimmy lee was a character . 
 long gray hair , cowboy boots , rings on his fingers , red-framed reading glasses perched on his nose . 
 though he was suspicious of the fbi , he welcomed them into his domain . 
 these were not the first agents to visit ; there had been many over the years . 
 `` so , you got an indictment , '' he said as soon as the introductions were over . 
 victor westlake gave a bare-bones summary of the case against quinn rucker . 
 `` you represented his nephew jakeel staley a few years back , right ? '' 
 `` that 's right , '' jimmy lee said . 
 `` but i never met quinn rucker . '' 
 `` i 'm assuming the family , or the gang , hired you to represent the kid . '' 
 `` something like that . 
 it was a private contract , not a court appointment . '' 
 `` who from the family did you deal with ? '' 
 jimmy lee 's mood changed . 
 he reached into a coat pocket and withdrew a small recorder . 
 `` just to be safe , '' he said as he pressed a button . 
 `` let 's get this on the record . 
 there are three of you , one of me . 
 i wan na make sure there 's no misunderstanding of what 's said . 
 any problems with this ? '' 
 `` no , '' westlake replied . 
 `` good . 
 now , you asked me who i dealt with from the family when i was hired to represent jakeel staley , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` well , i 'm not sure i can answer that . 
 client confidentiality and all . 
 why do n't you tell me why you 're interested in this ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 quinn rucker gave a confession . 
 said he killed judge fawcett because the judge reneged on a bribe ; said he , the gang , paid $ 500,000 cash to fawcett for a favorable ruling on the motion to suppress the search that yielded a van-load of coke . '' 
 westlake paused and watched jimmy lee carefully . 
 jimmy lee 's eyes yielded nothing . 
 he finally shrugged and said , `` so ? '' 
 `` so , did you have any knowledge of this bribe ? '' 
 `` if i knew about it , then that would be a crime , would n't it ? 
 you think i 'm stupid enough to admit to a crime . 
 i 'm offended . '' 
 `` oh , do n't be offended , mr. arnold . 
 i 'm not accusing you of anything . '' 
 `` did quinn rucker implicate me in the bribe ? '' 
 `` he 's been vague so far , said only that a lawyer was the intermediary . '' 
 `` i 'm sure this particular gang of thugs has access to a lot of lawyers . '' 
 `` indeed . 
 were you surprised when judge fawcett denied the motion to suppress ? '' 
 jimmy lee smiled and rolled his eyes . 
 `` nothing surprises me anymore . 
 if you believe in the constitution , then it was a bad search and the evidence , 150 kilos of pure coke , should have been kicked out . 
 that would take some spine , and you do n't see much of that anymore , especially in big drug busts . 
 it takes balls for a judge , state or federal , to exclude such wonderful evidence , regardless of what the cops did to get it . 
 no , i was n't surprised . '' 
 `` how long did you practice in judge fawcett 's courtroom ? '' 
 `` since the day he was appointed , twenty years ago . 
 i knew him well . '' 
 `` do you believe he would take a bribe ? '' 
 `` a cash bribe for a favorable ruling ? '' 
 `` and a lighter sentence . '' 
 jimmy lee crossed his legs , hanging one ostrich-skin boot on a knee , and locked his hands together just below his gut . 
 he thought for a moment , then said , `` i 've seen judges make some outrageous decisions , but usually out of stupidity or laziness . 
 but , no , mr. westlake , i do not believe judge fawcett , or any other state or federal judge within the commonwealth of virginia , would take a bribe , cash or otherwise . 
 i said nothing surprises me , but i was wrong . 
 such a bribe would shock me . '' 
 `` would you say judge fawcett had a reputation for high integrity ? '' 
 `` no , i would n't say that . 
 he was okay his first few years on the bench , then he changed and became a real hard-ass . 
 my clients have all been charged with crimes , but they 're not all criminals . 
 fawcett did n't see it that way . 
 he was much too happy to send a guy away for twenty years . 
 he always sided with the prosecution and the cops , and to me that 's not integrity . '' 
 `` but he did n't take money ? '' 
 `` not to my knowledge . '' 
 `` here 's our quandary , mr. arnold . 
 if quinn rucker is telling the truth , then how did he manage to get the money to fawcett ? 
 here 's a tough street kid from d.c. who 's never met fawcett before . 
 there had to be an intermediary somewhere along the line . 
 i 'm not saying it 's you , and there 's no suggestion that you 're involved in his story . 
 but you know the system . 
 how did the $ 500,000 change hands ? '' 
 jimmy lee was shaking his head . 
 `` if the system involves bribery , then i do n't know how it works , okay ? 
 i resent the implication . 
 you 're talking to the wrong man . '' 
 `` again , i 'm not implicating or accusing you of anything . '' 
 `` you 're getting pretty damned close . '' 
 jimmy lee slowly got to his feet and reached for the recorder . 
 `` let 's say this little meeting is over . '' 
 `` no need for that , mr. arnold . '' 
 jimmy lee picked up the recorder and returned it to a pocket . 
 `` it 's been a real pleasure , '' he said as he yanked open the door and disappeared down the hall . 
 directly across church street , dee ray rucker was entering another law office as victor westlake and his agents left jimmy lee 's . 
 quinn had been arrested the previous wednesday night and had spent the first ten hours of his captivity in the interrogation room . 
 after he confessed , on camera , he was finally taken to the norfolk city jail , placed in solitary , and slept for twelve straight hours . 
 he was not allowed to use the phone until saturday morning , and it took most of the day to reach a family member who was willing to talk . 
 early saturday evening , quinn was driven from norfolk to roanoke , a four-and-a-half-hour journey . 
 once dee ray realized his older brother was in jail for killing a federal judge , he scrambled to find a lawyer who would take the case . 
 several in d.c. and virginia declined . 
 by late sunday afternoon , another roanoke character named dusty shiver had agreed to represent quinn through the initial stages of the prosecution , but he reserved the right to step down if a trial became imminent . 
 for obvious reasons , the local bar was more than a little nervous about representing a man charged with knocking off such an important part of the judiciary . 
 dusty shiver had once practiced law with jimmy lee arnold , and they were cut from the same mold . 
 in law , most partnerships , large and small , blow up , usually over the issue of money . 
 jimmy lee got stiffed on a fee , blamed his partners , and moved across the street . 
 dusty had managed to spend an hour with quinn at the jail early monday morning , before the indictment was announced . 
 he was surprised to learn his client had already confessed . 
 quinn was adamant that he was coerced , tricked , pressured , threatened , and that the confession was bogus . 
 he was claiming to be innocent . 
 after leaving the jail , dusty stopped by the u.s. attorney 's office and picked up a copy of the indictment . 
 he was poring over it when his secretary buzzed in with the report that mr. dee ray rucker had arrived . 
 of the two , dusty , with long gray hair , faded jeans , and a red leather vest , looked more like a drug trafficker , and dee ray , in a zegna suit , looked more like a lawyer . 
 they greeted each other cautiously in dusty 's cluttered office . 
 the first issue was the retainer , and dee ray opened his prada attache and produced $ 50,000 in cash , which dusty counted and stuck in a drawer . 
 `` do you know he 's already confessed ? '' 
 dusty asked as he tucked the money away . 
 `` he what ? '' 
 asked dee ray , shocked . 
 `` yes , he 's confessed . 
 he says he signed a written statement admitting to the murders , and supposedly there 's also a video . 
 please tell me he 's too smart for that . '' 
 `` he 's too smart for that . 
 we never talk to cops , never . 
 quinn would not voluntarily confess to anything , even if he was dead guilty . 
 that 's not our m.o. . 
 if a cop shows up , we start calling lawyers . '' 
 `` he says the interrogation lasted all night long , he waived his rights , asked for a lawyer several times , but the two fbi agents kept hammering away . 
 they tripped him up , got him confused , and he began hallucinating . 
 he could n't shut up . 
 they said he was facing two counts of capital murder and that the entire family would be indicted since the killings were a part of gang business . 
 they lied to him and said they could help him if he cooperated , that the family of judge fawcett was opposed to the death penalty , and so on . 
 after hours of this , they broke him and he gave them what they wanted . 
 says he does n't remember all that happened ; he was too fatigued . 
 when he woke up and tried to recall what had happened , it was all a dream , a nightmare . 
 it took several hours before he realized what he had done , but even now he ca n't remember everything . '' 
 dee ray listened , too stunned to speak . 
 dusty continued , `` he does remember the fbi agents telling him that they have a ballistics report that matches one of his guns to the crime scene , and there is supposedly a boot print of some sort . 
 plus , there are witnesses who place him in the vicinity at the time of the murders . 
 again , some of this is vague . '' 
 `` when can you see the confession ? '' 
 `` i 'll meet with the u.s. attorney as soon as possible , but nothing will happen fast . 
 it might be weeks before i see a written confession and the video , as well as the other evidence they plan to use . '' 
 `` if he asked for a lawyer , why did n't they stop the interrogation ? '' 
 `` that 's a great question . 
 usually , though , the cops will swear that the defendant waived his rights and did not ask for a lawyer . 
 his word against theirs . 
 in a case this important , you can bet the fbi agents will swear to hell and back that quinn never mentioned a lawyer . 
 just like they 'll swear they did not threaten him , or lie to him , or promise him a deal . 
 they got their confession , now they 're trying to build a case with physical evidence . 
 if they find nothing , then the confession is all they have . '' 
 `` is it enough ? '' 
 `` oh yes . '' 
 `` i do n't believe this . 
 quinn 's not stupid . 
 he would never agree to an interrogation . '' 
 `` has he ever killed anyone before ? '' 
 `` not that i know of . 
 we have other people who do that sort of thing . '' 
 `` why did he escape from prison ? '' 
 `` you ever been to prison ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` neither have i , but i know lots of guys who 've served time . 
 everybody wants out . '' 
 `` i suppose , '' shiver said . 
 `` you ever heard of a guy named malcolm bannister ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` quinn says they served time together at frostburg and that he 's the guy who 's behind these accusations ; says he and bannister were friends and talked at length about judge fawcett and his dirty work . 
 he 's really bitter at bannister . '' 
 `` when can i see my brother ? '' 
 `` not until saturday , regular visitation . 
 i 'll go back to the jail this afternoon with a copy of the indictment . 
 i can pass along any messages if you 'd like . '' 
 `` sure , tell him to keep his mouth shut . '' 
 the details are vague and unlikely to become clearer . 
 pat surhoff is willing to tell me that the clinic is a part of the u.s. army hospital at fort carson , but that would be hard to deny . 
 he cautiously says that the clinic specializes in ram - radical appearance modification - and is used by several agencies of the federal government . 
 the plastic surgeons are some of the best and have worked on a lot of faces that might otherwise get blown off if not radically modified . 
 i grill him just to watch him squirm , but he does not divulge much else . 
 after my surgery , i will convalesce here for two months before moving on . 
 my first appointment is with a therapist of some variety who wants to make sure i 'm ready for the jolting experience of changing not only names but faces as well . 
 she 's pleasant and thoughtful , and i easily convince her that i 'm eager to move on . 
 the second meeting is with two doctors , both male , and a female nurse . 
 the woman is needed for the feminine perspective of how i will look afterward . 
 it does n't take me long to realize that these three are very good at what they do . 
 using sophisticated software , they are able to take my face and make almost any change . 
 the eyes are crucial here , they say more than once . 
 change the eyes and you change everything . 
 sharpen the nose a bit . 
 leave the lips alone . 
 some botox in the folds of the cheeks should work . 
 definitely shave the head and keep it that way . 
 for almost two hours we fiddle and tinker with the new face of max baldwin . 
 in the hands of less experienced surgeons , this might be a gut-wrenching experience . 
 for the past twenty-five years , all of my adult life , i have looked basically the same , my face shaped by genetics , weathered by the years , and , luckily , unblemished by wounds or injuries . 
 it 's a nice , solid face that 's served me well , and to suddenly ditch it forever is no small step . 
 my new friends say there is no need to change anything , only a few ways to improve . 
 a nip here , a tuck there , a bit of tightening and straightening , and , voila , a new version that 's every bit as handsome and much safer . 
 i assure them i 'm much more concerned with safety than vanity , and they readily agree . 
 they 've heard this before . 
 i can not help but wonder how many informants , snitches , and spies they 've worked on . 
 hundreds , judging by their teamwork . 
 as my new look comes together on the large computer screen , we have serious discussions about accessories , and the three seem genuinely excited when a pair of round tortoiseshell glasses is placed on max 's face . 
 `` that 's it ! '' 
 the nurse says excitedly , and i have to admit max looks a lot smarter and hipper . 
 we spend an entire half hour playing around with various mustache schemes , before tossing the idea altogether . 
 we split 2 - 2 on the idea of a beard , then decide to just wait and see . 
 i promise not to shave for a week so we 'll have a better idea . 
 because of the gravity of what we 're doing , my little team is in no hurry . 
 we spend the entire morning redesigning max , and when everyone is happy , they print a high-definition rendering of my new look . 
 i take it with me back to my room and tack it to the wall . 
 a nurse studies it and says she likes it . 
 i like her too , but she 's married and does not flirt . 
 if she only knew . 
 i pass the afternoon reading and walking around the unrestricted areas of the base . 
 it 's much like killing time at frostburg , a place far away in both distance and memory . 
 i keep coming back to my room , to the face on the wall : a slick head , slightly pointed nose , slightly enhanced chin , leaner cheeks , no wrinkles , and the eyes of someone new . 
 the middle-aged puffiness is gone . 
 the eyelids are not quite as large . 
 most important , max is staring through a pair of round designer frames , and he looks pretty damned hip . 
 i 'm assuming it 's just that easy , that these doctors can deliver a face that looks exactly like max on the wall . 
 but even if they get close , i 'll be pleased . 
 no one will recognize their new creation , and that 's all that matters . 
 i 'm too close to judge whether i 'll look better before or after , but the truth is that i 'll look good enough . 
 safety is indeed far more important than vanity . 
 at seven the next morning , they prep me and roll me into a small operating room . 
 the anesthesiologist goes through his routine , and i happily float away . 
 the operation lasts for five hours and is a great success , according to the doctors . 
 they have no way of knowing because my face is wrapped like a mummy 's . 
 it will be weeks before the swelling is all gone and the new features take shape . 
 four days after he was indicted , quinn rucker made his initial appearance in court . 
 for the occasion , he was kept in the same orange jumpsuit he 'd been wearing since his arrival at the roanoke city jail . 
 he was handcuffed and chained to his waist , and his ankles were bound and chained . 
 a bulletproof vest was strapped over his shoulders and around his midsection , and no fewer than a dozen heavily armed guards , agents , and deputies escorted him out of the jail and into a bulletproof chevrolet suburban . 
 no threats had been made on his life and a secret route would be taken to the federal courthouse , but the authorities were taking no chances . 
 inside the courtroom , reporters and onlookers filled the seats long before rucker 's scheduled appearance at 10:00 a.m. his arrest and indictment were big news , with no intervening mass murder or celebrity breakup to steal his thunder . 
 outside the courtroom , the bindings and armor were removed , and quinn entered unshackled . 
 as the only participant in an orange jumpsuit , and virtually the only black guy in the courtroom , quinn certainly looked guilty . 
 he sat at a table with dusty shiver and one of his associates . 
 across the aisle , stanley mumphrey and his brigade of assistants pushed files around with great importance , as if preparing to argue before the supreme court . 
 out of respect to their fallen comrade , the other eleven judges in the southern district had recused themselves from the case . 
 the initial appearance would be in front of ken konover , a u.s. magistrate , who would look and act very much like a presiding judge . 
 konover took the bench and called things to order . 
 he rattled off a few preliminaries , then asked if the defendant had read the indictment . 
 `` he has , '' dusty responded , `` and we waive a formal reading . '' 
 `` thank you , '' replied konover . 
 seated in the first row behind the defense table was dee ray , fashionably dressed as always , and obviously concerned . 
 konover said , `` does the defendant wish to enter a plea at this time ? '' 
 on cue , dusty stood and nodded at his client , who likewise got to his feet , awkwardly , and said , `` yes sir . 
 not guilty . '' 
 `` very well , a plea of not guilty is hereby entered . '' 
 dusty and quinn sat down . 
 konover said , `` i have here a motion to set bail , mr. shiver . 
 do you want to be heard on this ? '' 
 his tone left no doubt that nothing dusty could say would persuade the court to grant a reasonable bail , if any . 
 sensing the inevitable , and wishing not to embarrass himself , dusty said , `` no , your honor , the motion speaks for itself . '' 
 `` mr. mumphrey ? '' 
 stanley stood and walked to the podium . 
 he cleared his throat and said , `` your honor , this defendant has been indicted for the murder of a federal judge . 
 the united states feels strongly that he should be held without bail . '' 
 `` i agree , '' konover said quickly . 
 `` anything further , mr. mumphrey ? '' 
 `` no sir , not at this time . '' 
 `` mr. shiver ? '' 
 `` no , your honor . '' 
 `` the defendant shall be remanded to the custody of the u.s. marshals service . '' 
 konover tapped his gavel , stood , and left the bench . 
 the initial appearance lasted less than ten minutes . 
 dee ray had been in roanoke for three days and was tired of the place . 
 he leaned on dusty shiver , who leaned on a friend at the jail , and a quick meeting was arranged with the accused . 
 since visits with the family were on weekends only , this one would take place off the record , in a room used to test drunk drivers for blood alcohol content . 
 no record of it would ever be entered . 
 the brothers did not suspect anyone was listening . 
 the fbi recorded their conversation , a portion of it being : quinn : i 'm here because of malcolm bannister , dee , you understand what i 'm saying ? 
 dee ray : i got it , i got it , and we 'll deal with it later . 
 right now you got ta tell me what happened . 
 quinn : nothin ' happened . 
 i did n't kill nobody . 
 they tricked me into the confession , like i said . 
 i want something done about bannister . 
 dee ray : he 's in prison , right ? 
 quinn : probably not . 
 knowing bannister , he probably used rule 35 to get out . 
 dee ray : rule 35 ? 
 quinn : everybody on the inside knows rule 35 . 
 ai n't important now . 
 he 's out and he needs to be found . 
 a long pause . 
 dee ray : lot of time , lot of money . 
 quinn : look , little brother , do n't tell me about time . 
 the fibbies got nothin ' on me , i mean nothin ' . 
 that do n't mean they ca n't nail my ass . 
 if this thing goes to trial in a year or so , bannister might be their star witness , hear what i 'm sayin ' ? 
 dee ray : and what 's he gon na say ? 
 quinn : he 'll say whatever it takes , he do n't care . 
 he 's out , man , he cut the deal . 
 he 'll say we talked about judge fawcett back in prison . 
 that 's what he 'll say . 
 dee ray : did you ? 
 another long pause . 
 quinn : yeah , we talked about him all the time . 
 we knew he kept cash . 
 a pause . 
 quinn : you got ta get bannister , dee ray . 
 okay ? 
 dee ray : okay . 
 let me talk to tall man . 
 three weeks post-surgery and i 'm climbing the walls . 
 the bandages are off and the stitches are gone , but the swelling is taking forever . 
 i look in the mirror a hundred times a day , waiting for things to improve , waiting for max to emerge from the bruising and puffiness . 
 my surgical team stops by constantly to tell me how great i look , but i 'm sick of these people . 
 i ca n't chew , ca n't eat , ca n't walk for more than five minutes , and so most of my time is spent rolling around in a wheelchair . 
 movements must be slow and calculated ; otherwise , i could rip out some of the fine artwork that has gone into the face of max reed baldwin . 
 i count the days and often think i 'm in prison again . 
 weeks pass , and the swelling and bruising slowly go away . 
 is it possible to be in love with a woman you 've never actually touched ? 
 i have convinced myself the answer is yes . 
 her name is vanessa young , and i met her at frostburg , in the visitors ' room on a cold wintry saturday morning . 
 i should n't say that i met her , but i saw her for the first time . 
 she was there visiting her brother , a guy i knew and liked . 
 we met later , during another visit , but we could n't touch . 
 i wrote her letters and she wrote a few back , but it became painfully obvious , at least to me , that my infatuation with vanessa was not exactly a two-way street . 
 i can not begin to contemplate the hours i 've invested fantasizing about this woman . 
 over the past two years , our lives have changed dramatically , and now i am emboldened to contact her . 
 my new best friend , pat surhoff , informed me that i can not write or receive letters while at fort carson , but i write one anyway . 
 i work on it for days , tweaking , editing , killing time . 
 i bare my soul to vanessa , and practically beg her to see me . 
 i 'll find a way to mail it later . 
 surhoff is back to fetch me . 
 we leave fort carson in a hurry and drive to denver , where we board a nonstop flight to atlanta . 
 i wear a baseball cap and big sunglasses , and i do not catch a single curious glance . 
 i bitch about the seating arrangement ; we 're sitting side by side in coach , not first class . 
 pat says congress is cutting budgets everywhere . 
 after a hearty lunch of raisins and cokes , we get down to business . 
 he opens a delightful little file with all sorts of goodies : a virginia court order changing my name to max reed baldwin ; a new social security card issued to the same guy ; a birth certificate proving i was born in memphis to parents i 've never heard of ; and a florida driver 's license with a fake photo taken from the computerized rendering my doctors and i concocted before the surgery . 
 it looks so real that not even i can tell it 's fake . 
 pat explains that i 'll get another in a month or so when my face finally comes together . 
 same for a passport . 
 we fill out applications for visa and american express cards . 
 at his suggestion , i 've been practicing a different handwriting , one that resembles chicken scratch but is not much worse than the old one . 
 max signs a six-month lease for a one-bedroom condo in neptune beach , a few miles east of jacksonville , and he applies for a checking account at suncoast bank . 
 pat tells me there 's a branch office three blocks from the condo . 
 the reward money of $ 150,000 will be wired into the account as soon as it 's up and running , and from there i can do with it what i want . 
 because i will hit the ground with so much cash , the powers that be feel as though i do n't need much from them . 
 i really ca n't gripe about this . 
 he says the irs will grant me a waiver from any taxes on the money and provides the name of an accountant who knows both the irs code and whatever code the marshals use . 
 he hands me an envelope with $ 3,000 in cash and says this should be enough to get me plugged in . 
 we talk about the ins and outs of leasing a car , as opposed to buying one , and he explains that a lease is easier and will help build a good credit rating . 
 he hands me a two-page summary of the life of max baldwin , and it reads like an obituary . 
 parents , siblings , education , employment history , and i 'm intrigued to know that i 've spent most of my life in seattle and have been divorced twice , no children . 
 i 'm relocating to florida because it 's about as far away from wife number two as i can get . 
 it 's important for me to memorize this fiction and stick with the script . 
 i have an employment history -lrb- all with government agencies -rrb- and a credit score . 
 on the issue of employment , i have two choices . 
 the first is that of a procurement officer at the mayport naval station a few miles north of neptune beach , starting salary of $ 48,000 , two months of training required . 
 the second is that of an account manager for the veterans administration , also at $ 48,000 a year . 
 it 's best if i remain a federal employee , at least for the first few years . 
 however , pat stresses for the tenth time , my life now belongs to me , and i can do whatever i want . 
 the only boundaries are those dictated by my past . 
 just as i begin to feel somewhat overwhelmed , he reaches into his briefcase and pulls out the toys . 
 the first is an apple ipad , mine courtesy of the government , and already registered to max . 
 as the librarian , malcolm had access to computers -lrb- but not the internet -rrb- , and i worked hard to keep my skills as fresh as possible . 
 but this thing blows me away . 
 we spend a full hour in an intense tutorial . 
 when i 'm exhausted , he pulls out an iphone . 
 it 's his , not mine because i 'll have to select a service provider and buy my own phone , but he walks me through this amazing device . 
 the flight is over before we can finish . 
 i find a computer store in the atlanta airport and i kill an hour browsing through the gadgets . 
 technology will be the key to my survival , and i am determined to know the latest . 
 before we leave atlanta , i mail the letter to vanessa young . 
 no return address . 
 we land in jacksonville at dark , rent a car , and drive thirty minutes to the beaches east of the city . 
 atlantic beach , neptune beach , jacksonville beach , you ca n't tell where one ends and the other begins . 
 it 's a cool area with hundreds of neat cottages , some residential , some rentals , and assorted small hotels and modern condos facing the ocean . 
 the raisins for lunch are long forgotten and we are starving . 
 we find a seafood place on a pedestrian mall a block from the water and devour oysters and shrimp . 
 it 's a young crowd at the bar , lots of pretty girls with tanned legs , and i ca n't help but stare . 
 so far , everyone is white , and i wonder if i 'll stand out . 
 the jacksonville metro area has a million people and 18 percent of them are black , so pat does not think my ethnicity will be a problem . 
 i attempt to explain what it 's like being black in a white world but realize , again , that some things can not be fully covered over dinner , if ever . 
 i change the subject and ask questions about the witness security program . 
 pat is based in virginia and will soon return home . 
 another marshal will become my contact , my handler , and this person will not in any way attempt to keep me under surveillance . 
 he , or she , will always be close by in case of problems , or trouble . 
 typically , my handler will have several other `` persons '' to monitor . 
 if there is a hint of something gone wrong , i will be moved at once to another location , but , pat assures me , this rarely happens . 
 what will it take for the bad guys to find me ? 
 pat says he does n't know because this has never happened . 
 i press him : `` but surely you 've had to relocate some people . '' 
 `` i 've never been involved in a relocation , but , yes , it has happened . 
 to my knowledge , and i 've been handling informants for ten years , there has not been a serious threat against one . 
 but i 've heard of a couple , maybe three , who became convinced they had been discovered . 
 they wanted to move , so we swooped in and they vanished , again . '' 
 for obvious reasons , neither the law library nor the general library at frostburg offered books on witness protection , so my knowledge is limited . 
 but i know the program has not been perfect . 
 `` so no problems whatsoever ? 
 that 's hard to believe . '' 
 `` i did n't say it was perfect . 
 there 's a great story from thirty years ago , a legend in the business . 
 we had a serious mafia informant who squealed on the family and took down some big bosses , one of the fbi 's biggest grand slams ever . 
 this guy had a bull 's - eye on him you could hit blindfolded . 
 we took him deep , buried him , and a few years passed . 
 he was a postal inspector in a town of fifty thousand , perfect cover , but he was a crook , right ? 
 a thug by birth , and it was impossible for him to stay clean . 
 he opened a used-car lot , then another . 
 he got into the pawnshop business , started fencing stolen goods , and eventually found his way into the marijuana trade . 
 we knew who he was , but the fbi did not . 
 when he got indicted , he called his handler to come bail him out of jail . 
 the handler freaked out , as did everyone along the ladder , all the way up to the director of the fbi . 
 there was a mad scramble to get him out of jail and off to a new location . 
 jobs were threatened , deals were cut , judges were pleaded with , and they eventually got his charges dismissed . 
 but it was a close call . 
 so do n't start laundering money again . '' 
 he thinks his last comment is funny . 
 `` i 've never laundered money , '' i say without a smile . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 we finish dessert and head for my new home . 
 it 's on the seventh floor of a tower , one of four in a cluster lined up along the beach , with tennis courts and pools scattered below . 
 pat explains that most of the units are rentals , but a few have permanent residents . 
 i 'm here for six months , and then it 's up to me . 
 it 's a one-bedroom unit , furnished , with a kitchen-den combo , nice sofa and chairs , nothing luxurious but not cheap either . 
 after he 's gone , i stand on my small balcony and stare at the moon over the ocean . 
 i breathe the salty air and listen to the waves gently roll ashore . 
 freedom is exhilarating , and indescribable . 
 i forgot to close the curtains , and i wake up to a blinding sun . 
 it is my first true morning as a liberated and unwatched person , and i ca n't wait to feel sand between my toes . 
 there are a few early birds on the beach , and i hustle down there , my face partially hidden behind a cap and sunglasses . 
 no one notices ; no one cares . 
 people who roam aimlessly up and down beaches are lost in their own worlds , and i am quickly getting lost in mine . 
 i have no family , no job , no responsibilities , and no past . 
 max is starting a brand-new life . 
 pat surhoff retrieves me around noon , and we have a sandwich for lunch . 
 then he drives me to the mayport naval station , where i have an appointment with a doctor who knows the code . 
 the surgery is progressing nicely , no complications whatsoever . 
 i 'll return in two weeks for another exam . 
 next , we go to the suncoast bank branch near the condo , and as we get close , pat preps me for what 's coming . 
 he will not go inside , because it 's important for me to establish the account myself . 
 no one in the bank knows the code ; it 's strictly aboveboard . 
 for the time being , max baldwin is semiretired , not working , and pondering a move to the area . 
 he wants to open a standard checking account , no frills , and so on , and will put down $ 1,000 cash as the initial deposit . 
 once the account is opened , max will return to the bank and get the proper wiring instructions . 
 inside the bank , i am routed to the lovely gretchen hiler , a fortyish bleached blonde who 's spent far too much time in the sun . 
 she has a small desk in a tight cubicle and no wedding ring . 
 she has no way of knowing that she is the first woman i 've been truly alone with in over five years . 
 try as i do , i can not stop a lot of improper thoughts . 
 or maybe they 're just natural . 
 gretchen is a chatterbox , and at this moment so am i . 
 we go through the paperwork quickly , with me proudly giving a real address . 
 i put down a thousand in cash . 
 she fetches some temporary checks and promises more in the mail later . 
 when all business has ended , we keep talking . 
 she gives me her card and is willing to help in any way . 
 i promise to call when i get a cell phone ; the bank needs a phone number . 
 i almost ask her to dinner , primarily because i 'm convinced she might say yes , but i wisely let it pass . 
 there will be plenty of time for that later , after i 'm more comfortable and my face is easier to look at , hopefully . 
 i proposed to dionne when i was twenty-four years old , and from that moment until the day i was sentenced and taken into custody , i was never unfaithful . 
 there was one near miss , with the wife of an acquaintance , but we both realized things would end badly . 
 as a small-town lawyer , i saw a lot of divorces , and i was constantly amazed at the awful ways men could screw up their lives and families simply because they could n't resist temptation . 
 a quickie , then a casual fling , then something more serious , and before long they were in court getting their eyeballs clawed out and losing their kids , along with their money . 
 the truth was i adored my wife and i was getting all the sex i wanted at home . 
 the other part of the truth was that i never fancied myself as a ladies ' man . 
 before dionne , i had girlfriends and enjoyed my single days , but i never hopped blindly from one bed to another . 
 now , forty-three and single , i have a hunch there are a lot of women around my age who are looking for companionship . 
 i can feel the urge , but at the same time all movements must be calculated . 
 as i walk out of the bank , i feel a sense of accomplishment . 
 i just pulled off the first little mission of my secret existence . 
 pat has been waiting in the car , and when i get in he says , `` well ? '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 `` what took so long ? '' 
 `` the account manager is a cute girl and she threw herself at me . '' 
 `` has this always been a problem ? '' 
 `` i would n't call it a problem , but , yes , women are attracted to me . 
 i 've always had to fight them off with a stick . '' 
 `` keep fighting . 
 it 's been the downfall of many men . '' 
 `` so you 're an expert on women ? '' 
 `` not at all . 
 where are we going now ? '' 
 `` shopping . 
 i want some decent clothes . '' 
 we find a men 's store and i spend $ 800 upgrading my wardrobe . 
 once again , pat waits in the car . 
 we agree that two men , both in their early forties , one white and the other black , shopping together , might raise an eyebrow or two . 
 my goal is to raise as few eyebrows as possible . 
 next , he drops me off at a florida cellular office where i open an account and buy an iphone . 
 with it in my pocket , i finally feel like a real american , connected . 
 we spend the next two days running errands and getting max firmly established . 
 i write my first check to a car-leasing agency and drive away in a used audi a4 convertible , mine for the next twelve months at $ 400 a pop and fully insured . 
 now that i 'm mobile , and now that pat and i are getting on each other 's nerves , he starts talking about his exit . 
 i 'm ready for the independence and he 's ready to go home . 
 i visit gretchen again to check on the bank 's wiring instructions and explain to her that a substantial sum of money is on the way . 
 pat clears things with his higher-ups , and the reward money is moved from some buried account to suncoast . 
 i assume that everybody involved in the wire transfer invokes all the standard precautions . 
 dusty shiver 's motion to suppress the confession was not at all unexpected . 
 it was lengthy , well written , well reasoned , and backed up by a thirty-page affidavit signed by quinn rucker in which he fully recanted his confession . 
 three days after it was filed , victor westlake and two of his agents met with stanley mumphrey and two of his assistants . 
 their goal was to plow through the motion and prepare responses to it . 
 neither mumphrey nor anyone else in his office was aware of the interrogation tactics used by agents pankovits and delocke , nor did they know that westlake and four of his men had watched by closed circuit the ten-hour marathon and had a tape of it . 
 this information would never be revealed to the u.s. attorney ; thus , it would never be known to the defense , the judge , or anyone else . 
 stanley had been fully briefed by his lieutenants and took control of the meeting . 
 he began by saying , `` the first and most important issue is the allegation that the defendant wanted to talk to a lawyer . '' 
 westlake nodded to an agent who whipped out some papers . 
 westlake said , `` we have here two affidavits from agents pankovits and delocke , our two interrogators , in which they respond to the allegations . 
 as you will see , they say that the defendant mentioned a lawyer on a couple of occasions but never specifically demanded one . 
 he never stopped the interrogation . 
 he wanted to talk . '' 
 stanley and his men scanned the affidavits . 
 after a few minutes , stanley said , `` okay , point number two . 
 the defendant claims he was repeatedly threatened with the death penalty by both agents . 
 if true , this of course would be highly improper and would probably kill the confession . '' 
 westlake replied as he shook his head . 
 `` look at the bottom of page seven , both affidavits . 
 the agents state , under oath , that they made no threats whatsoever . 
 these are very skilled interrogators , stan , and they know the rules as well as anybody . '' 
 stanley and his men flipped to page seven and read the text . 
 perfect . 
 whatever quinn claimed in his affidavit , there were two fbi agents willing to tell what really happened . 
 stanley said , `` looks good . 
 the third point is that the agents promised the defendant he would not be put on trial for capital murder . '' 
 `` page nine , '' westlake said . 
 `` our agents know they do not have the authority to make deals . 
 only the u.s. attorney can do that . 
 frankly , i find such an allegation ludicrous . 
 rucker is a career thug . 
 he should know that prosecutors make deals , not cops . '' 
 `` i agree , '' stanley said quickly . 
 `` the next allegation is that the fbi agents threatened to prosecute other members of rucker 's family . '' 
 `` do n't they always say that , stan ? 
 they give a confession , free and voluntarily , then ca n't wait to tear it up and say they were threatened . 
 you 've seen this many times . '' 
 of course stan had , though he really had not . 
 westlake went on , `` though i must say it would n't be a bad idea to round up all the ruckers and give 'em the needle . '' 
 westlake 's men laughed . 
 stanley 's men laughed . 
 a regular party . 
 `` what about the allegation that the interrogators were abusive and pushed the suspect past the point of exhaustion ? '' 
 `` here 's the truth , stan , '' westlake replied . 
 `` the agents repeatedly asked rucker if he wanted to stop and continue later . 
 he said no because he did not want to spend the night in the county jail . 
 we checked and the jail was packed , badly overcrowded . 
 they informed rucker of this , and he did n't want to go there . '' 
 this made perfect sense to stanley . 
 he said , `` okay , the next three items need to be addressed , but i do n't think we 'll say much about them in our response . 
 there is the allegation that the fbi agents lied about having a ballistics report that linked the murders to the smith and wesson handgun confiscated from the defendant . 
 unfortunately , as we now know , the ballistics excluded this weapon . '' 
 `` lying is permissible , especially in a high-level interrogation such as this , stanley , '' westlake said , much like a wise old professor . 
 `` got that , but just to satisfy my curiosity - did your agents actually lie about this ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 no , definitely not . 
 page twelve of their affidavits . '' 
 `` did n't think so . 
 what about this next allegation - that your agents lied about the existence of a crime scene boot print that matched some boots taken from the defendant ? '' 
 `` not true , stan . 
 the imagination of a desperate lawyer and his guilty client . '' 
 `` do you have a boot print ? '' 
 westlake glanced at one of his agents , as though there just might be a boot print that he had somehow forgotten . 
 the agent shook his head . 
 `` no , '' westlake admitted . 
 `` there 's no boot print . '' 
 `` and next we have the allegation that your agents lied about a couple of eyewitnesses . 
 the first supposedly saw the defendant in the town of ripplemead about the time of the killings . 
 any truth to this ? '' 
 westlake shifted his weight from one ass cheek to the other and offered a condescending smile . 
 `` stan , look , i 'm not sure you appreciate what it takes to break down a guilty suspect . 
 there are tricks , okay , and - '' `` i get it . '' 
 `` and you have to instill fear , to make the suspect think you have a lot more proof than maybe you actually have . '' 
 `` i 've seen no report from such a witness . '' 
 `` and you will not . 
 he does n't exist . '' 
 `` we 're on the same side , here , vic . 
 i just need to know the truth so we can respond to the motion to suppress , understand ? '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` and the second witness , the one at the country store near the cabin . 
 he does n't exist either , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` did the agents use any other tricks that i do n't know about ? '' 
 `` no , '' westlake said , but no one in the room believed him . 
 `` so , to summarize our case against quinn rucker , we have no eyewitnesses , no ballistics , no boot print , no fingerprints , no physical evidence of any kind , correct ? '' 
 westlake nodded slowly but said nothing . 
 `` we have a defendant who was in the roanoke area after the murders , but no proof he was here beforehand , right ? '' 
 more nodding . 
 `` and our defendant was caught with more cash than one would normally carry around , substantially more , i would say . '' 
 westlake agreed . 
 `` but then mr. rucker is a self-confessed drug runner from a family notorious for trafficking , so cash would not be a problem . '' 
 stanley shoved his legal pad away and rubbed his temples . 
 `` gentlemen , we have a confession and nothing else . 
 if we lose the confession , then mr. rucker walks and there 's no trial . '' 
 `` you ca n't lose the confession , stan , '' westlake said . 
 `` it 's unthinkable . '' 
 `` i have no plans to lose it , but i can see the judge taking a dim view of the interrogation . 
 the length of it bothers me . 
 ten hours throughout the night . 
 an obviously fatigued suspect who 's a seasoned crook and would probably want to see a lawyer . 
 two veteran interrogators who know all the tricks . 
 this might be a close call . '' 
 westlake listened with a smile and after a long pause said , `` let 's not forget our star witness , stan . 
 malcolm bannister will testify that quinn rucker talked repeatedly of murdering judge fawcett . 
 he wanted revenge , and he wanted his money back . '' 
 `` true , and his testimony , plus the confession , will get a conviction . 
 but standing alone , his testimony is not enough . '' 
 `` you do n't sound too confident , stan . '' 
 `` quite the contrary . 
 this is the murder of a federal judge . 
 i can not imagine another federal judge showing any sympathy for quinn rucker . 
 we 'll have the confession , and we have malcolm bannister . 
 we 'll get a conviction . '' 
 `` now you 're talking . '' 
 `` by the way , what 's up with our boy bannister ? '' 
 `` safe and sound , buried deep by the u.s. marshals . '' 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 pat surhoff 's replacement is diana tyler . 
 i meet them for lunch after a long morning at the hospital , where i was examined and was told to return in a month . 
 ms. tyler is a tall , pretty woman of about fifty , with a short haircut , little makeup , a navy blazer , and no wedding band . 
 she 's pleasant enough and over salads gives me her spiel . 
 she lives `` in the area '' and works with a few others who share my situation . 
 she is available 24/7 and would like to have a chat by phone at least once a week . 
 she understands what i 'm going through and says it 's natural to keep looking over my shoulder . 
 with time , though , those fears will go away , and my life will become quite normal . 
 if i leave town , and they stress this is something i can now do whenever i want , she would like the details of my trip in advance . 
 they want to keep close tabs on me until long after i testify against quinn rucker , and they persist in painting the picture of a safe and pleasant future that i will know one day when all of the initial hurdles have been cleared . 
 they mention the two job interviews , and i throw a curve by explaining i 'm not ready for employment . 
 with cash in the bank and unrestrained freedom , i 'm just not ready to start a new career . 
 i want to travel some , take long drives , and maybe go to europe . 
 traveling is fine , they agree , but the cover works best if i have a real job . 
 we decide to talk about it later . 
 this leads to a conversation about a passport and an updated driver 's license . 
 another week and my face should be ready to be photographed , and diana promises to arrange the documentation . 
 over coffee , i give pat a letter to my father . 
 the return address is the federal correctional facility in fort wayne , indiana . 
 he will send it to the prison there , and someone will mail it to henry bannister in winchester , virginia . 
 in the letter i explain to old henry that i screwed up at frostburg and have been busted back to a regular prison . 
 i am in solitary confinement and can have no visitors for at least three months . 
 i ask him to notify my sister , ruby , in california and my brother , marcus , in d.c. i tell him not to worry ; i 'm fine and i have a plan to work my way back to frostburg . 
 pat and i say our farewells . 
 i thank him for his courtesies and professionalism , and he wishes me well . 
 he assures me my new life will be rewarding and secure . 
 i 'm not sure i believe this , because i 'm still looking over my shoulder . 
 i strongly suspect the fbi will monitor me for some time , at least until the day when quinn rucker is convicted and sent away . 
 the truth is i can not afford to trust anyone , including pat surhoff , diana tyler , the u.s. marshals service , and the fbi . 
 there are a lot of shadows back there , not to mention the bad guys . 
 if the government wants to watch me , there 's little i can do . 
 they can obtain court orders to snoop into my bank account , to listen to my phone calls , to monitor my credit card activity , and to watch everything i do online . 
 i anticipate all of the above , and my challenge in the near future is to deceive them without letting them know they are being deceived . 
 taking one of the two jobs would only allow them another opportunity to spy . 
 during the afternoon , i open another checking account at atlantic trust and move $ 50,000 from the suncoast account . 
 then i do the same thing at a third bank , jacksonville savings . 
 in a day or two , once the checks have cleared , i will begin withdrawing cash . 
 as i putter around the neighborhood in my little audi , i spend as much time looking in the mirror as i do watching the road . 
 it 's already a habit . 
 when i walk the beach , i check out every face i see . 
 when i walk into a store , i immediately find cover and watch the door i just came through . 
 i never eat in the same restaurant twice , and i always find a table with a view of the parking lot . 
 i use the cell phone only for routine matters , and i assume someone is listening . 
 i pay cash for a laptop , set up three gmail accounts , and do my browsing in internet cafes using their servers . 
 i begin experimenting with prepaid credit cards i buy at a walgreens pharmacy . 
 i install two hidden cameras in my condo , just in case someone drops in while i 'm away . 
 paranoia is the key here . 
 i convince myself someone is always watching and listening , and as the days pass , i fall deeper into my own little world of deception . 
 i call diana every other day with the latest news in my increasingly mundane life , and she gives no hint of being suspicious . 
 but then , she would not . 
 the lawyer 's name is murray huggins , and his small yellow pages ad announces specialties in just about everything . 
 divorce , real estate , bankruptcy , criminal matters , and so forth , pretty much the same ham-and-egg routine we followed at dear old copeland , reed and bannister . 
 his office is not far from my condo , and one look suggests the laid-back beach practice of a guy who comes in at nine and is on the golf course by three . 
 during our first appointment , murray tells me his life story . 
 he had great success in a big law firm in tampa but burned out at the age of fifty and tried retirement . 
 he moved to atlantic beach , got a divorce , got bored , and decided to hang out his shingle . 
 he 's in his sixties now , happy in his little office , where he puts in a few hours here and there and chooses his clients carefully . 
 we go through my biography , and i , for the most part , stick to the script . 
 a couple of ex-wives in seattle and so forth . 
 i add my own new wrinkle of being a fledgling screenwriter who is polishing up my first script . 
 with a lucky break here and there , the script has been optioned by a small production company that does documentaries . 
 for various business reasons , i need to establish a small front in florida . 
 for $ 2,500 , murray can build a few firewalls . 
 he 'll set up an llc - limited liability company - in florida , with m. r. baldwin as the sole owner . 
 the llc will then form a corporation in delaware with murray as the sole incorporator and me as the sole owner . 
 the registered address will be his office , and my name will appear in none of the corporate documents . 
 he says , `` i do this all the time . 
 florida attracts a lot of folks who are trying to start over . '' 
 if you say so , murray . 
 i could do this myself online , but it 's safer to route it through a lawyer . 
 the confidentiality is important . 
 i can pay murray to do things the shadows will never suspect and be unable to trace . 
 with his seasoned guidance , skelter films comes to life . 
 two and a half months after the arrest of quinn rucker , and two weeks after i move into my beachfront condo , i am informed over coffee one morning by diana that the feds would like to have a meeting . 
 there are several reasons for this , the most important being their desire to update me on their case and talk about the trial . 
 they want to plan my testimony . 
 i am certain they also want to get a good look at max baldwin , who , by the way , is an improvement over malcolm bannister . 
 the swelling is gone . 
 the nose and chin are a bit sharper . 
 the eyes look much younger , and the round red tortoiseshell glasses give the look of a pretty cool , cerebral documentary filmmaker . 
 i shave my face once a week so there is always some stubble , with just a touch of gray mixed in . 
 the slick scalp requires a razor every other day . 
 my cheeks are flatter , primarily because i ate little during my recovery and i 've lost weight . 
 i plan to keep it off . 
 all in all , i look nothing like my former self , and while this is often unsettling , it is also comforting . 
 the suggestion is that i return to roanoke to meet with stanley mumphrey and his gang , but i flatly say no . 
 diana assures me that the fbi and the u.s. attorney 's office do not know where i 'm hiding , and i pretend to believe this . 
 i do not want to meet them in florida . 
 after some haggling , we agree to meet at a hotel in charleston , south carolina . 
 diana books our tickets , and we fly out of jacksonville , on the same flight but nowhere close to each other . 
 from the moment we walk into the lobby of the hotel , i know i 'm being watched and probably photographed . 
 the fbi ca n't wait to see how i look . 
 i catch a couple of quick glances but keep moving . 
 after a sandwich in my room , i meet diana in the hallway , and we walk to a suite two floors above us . 
 it is well guarded by two thick boys in black suits who appear ready to begin firing away at the slightest provocation . 
 as a marshal , diana has no role in the prosecution ; therefore , she remains outside with the two dobermans while i enter and meet the gang . 
 stanley mumphrey has brought three of his assistants , and their names are lost in the deluge of introductions . 
 my pal agent chris hanski is back , no doubt to eyeball me for a good before-and-after . 
 he has a sidekick , name instantly forgotten . 
 as we awkwardly take seats around a small conference table , i ca n't help but notice amid the pile of papers a couple of identical photos . 
 it 's malcolm bannister , and these guys were looking at him . 
 now they 're gawking at max . 
 the transformation impresses them . 
 since hanski is the only one who actually met me before the change , he goes first . 
 `` i got ta say , max , you look younger and fitter , not sure you 're that much cuter , but all in all not a bad makeover . '' 
 he 's jovial and this is supposed to break the ice . 
 `` that means so much , '' i say with a fake smile . 
 stanley holds the copied photo and says , `` not even close , max . 
 no one would suspect you and malcolm are the same . 
 it 's pretty remarkable . '' 
 we 're all on the same team now , so we banter back and forth like old friends . 
 but there 's no foundation , so the conversation begins to lag . 
 `` is there a trial date ? '' 
 i ask , and this changes the mood . 
 `` yes , '' stanley says . 
 `` october 10 , in roanoke . '' 
 `` that 's only four months away , '' i reply . 
 `` seems pretty quick . '' 
 `` we 're pretty efficient in the southern district , '' stanley says smugly . 
 `` the average is eight months from indictment to trial . 
 this case has a bit more pressure behind it . '' 
 `` who 's the judge ? '' 
 `` sam stillwater , on loan from the northern district . 
 all of fawcett 's colleagues in the southern recused themselves . '' 
 `` tell me about the trial , '' i say . 
 stanley frowns , as does the rest of the gang . 
 `` it might be rather brief , max , not a lot of witnesses , not a lot of proof . 
 we 'll establish rucker was in the vicinity at the time . 
 we 'll prove he had a lot of cash when we caught him . 
 we 'll go into the prosecution of his nephew , the sentencing by judge fawcett , maybe there was a revenge element at work . '' 
 stanley pauses here , and i ca n't resist a jab . 
 `` pretty overwhelming stuff , '' i say like a smart-ass . 
 `` no doubt . 
 then we have the confession , which the defense has attacked . 
 we have a hearing next week before judge stillwater , and we expect to win and keep the confession . 
 other than that , max , the star witness might just be you . '' 
 `` i 've told you everything . 
 you know my testimony . '' 
 `` right , right , but we want to cover it again . 
 now that we 've filled in a few gaps , let 's nail it down to perfection . '' 
 `` sure . 
 how 's my buddy quinn holding up ? '' 
 `` quinn 's not doing too well these days . 
 he does n't like solitary confinement , or the food , the guards , the rules . 
 says he 's innocent - what a surprise . 
 i think he misses the good life at the federal country club . '' 
 `` so do i. '' this gets a light laugh or two . 
 `` his lawyer convinced the judge that quinn needed a psychiatric evaluation . 
 the doctor said he can stand trial but needs some antidepressants . 
 he 's quite moody and often goes days without speaking to anyone . '' 
 `` that sounds like the quinn i knew . 
 does he mention me ? '' 
 `` oh yes . 
 he does n't like you either . 
 he suspects you 're our informant and that you 'll testify against him at trial . '' 
 `` when do you have to submit your list of witnesses ? '' 
 `` sixty days before the trial . '' 
 `` have you told quinn 's lawyer that i will testify ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we do not divulge anything until forced to do so . '' 
 `` that 's the way i remember it , '' i say . 
 these guys forget that i was once on the receiving end of a federal prosecution , with fbi agents sifting through every aspect of my life and a u.s. attorney 's office threatening to incarcerate not only me but my two innocent partners as well . 
 they think we 're pals now , one big happy team walking lockstep toward another just verdict . 
 if i could , i would knife them in the back and poison their case . 
 they - the federal government - took away five years of my life , along with my son , my wife , and my career . 
 how dare they sit here as if we 're trusted partners . 
 we eventually get around to my testimony and spend a couple of hours in review . 
 this ground has been covered before and i find it tedious . 
 mumphrey 's chief assistant has a script , a qanda , for me to study , and i have to admit it 's pretty good . 
 nothing has been left out . 
 i try to visualize the surreal setting of my testimony . 
 i will be brought into the courtroom wearing a mask . 
 i will sit behind a panel or a partition of some manner that will prevent the lawyers , the defendant , and the spectators from seeing my face once the mask is removed . 
 i will look at the jurors . 
 the lawyers will pitch questions over the wall , and i will answer , my voice distorted . 
 quinn and his family and their thugs will be there , straining for any hint of recognition . 
 they 'll know it 's me , of course , but they 'll never see my face . 
 diana calls with the news that she has in her possession my new florida driver 's license and my new passport . 
 we meet for coffee at a waffle house and she hands them over . 
 i give her an itinerary with a lot of gaps in it . 
 `` taking a trip , huh ? '' 
 she says , gazing at it . 
 `` yep , i ca n't wait to try out the new passport . 
 the first three nights are in miami , south beach , beginning tonight . 
 i 'm leaving and driving down as soon as my coffee cup is empty . 
 from there , i 'll fly to jamaica for a week or so , then to antigua , and maybe trinidad . 
 i 'll call you at each stop . 
 i 'll leave my car at the miami airport so you can tell the fbi exactly where it is . 
 and while you 're at it , ask them to please leave me alone while i bounce around the caribbean . '' 
 `` leave you alone ? '' 
 she asks , feigning ignorance . 
 `` you heard me . 
 let 's not play games here , diana . 
 i may not be the most heavily protected witness in the country , but i 'm probably in the top three . 
 somebody 's always watching . 
 there 's one guy , i call him crew cut , who i 've seen five times in the past two weeks . 
 he 's not very good , so please pass this along to the fibbies when you make your report . 
 six feet even , 180 pounds , ray-bans , blond goatee , drives a cooper and sports a crew cut . 
 really , really sloppy . 
 i 'm surprised . '' 
 so is she . 
 she keeps her eyes on my itinerary and can think of nothing to say . 
 busted . 
 i pay for the coffee and hit the road , interstate 95 straight south for 350 miles . 
 the weather is hot and muggy , the traffic heavy and slow , and i love every mile of the trip . 
 i stop frequently to refuel , to stretch my legs , and to watch for movements behind me . 
 i expect none . 
 since the fbi knows where i 'm going , they wo n't bother with a tail . 
 besides , i assume there is a gps tracking monitor brilliantly hidden somewhere in my car . 
 seven hours later , i stop in front of the blue moon hotel , one of the many small , renovated boutique hotels in the heart of the art deco district at south beach . 
 i get my briefcase and small bag from the trunk , hand the keys to the valet , and walk into a scene from miami vice . 
 ceiling fans turn slowly as guests in white-wicker chairs gossip and drink . 
 `` checking in , sir ? '' 
 the pretty girl asks . 
 `` yes . 
 max baldwin , '' i reply , and for some reason it is a proud moment . 
 i , mighty max , am drowning in more freedom than i can absorb at the moment . 
 plenty of cash , fresh papers that are legit , a convertible that will take me anywhere - it 's almost overwhelming . 
 but i am jolted back to life when a tall , tanned brunette strolls through the lobby . 
 her top is what 's left of a string bikini and covers almost nothing . 
 her bottom is a sheer skirt that covers even less . 
 i hand over a visa card for the charges . 
 i could also use either cash or a prepaid credit card , but since the fibbies know where i 'm staying , there 's no need to be deceptive . 
 i 'm sure the miami office has been notified , and there 's probably a set of eyes not too far away . 
 if i were really paranoid , i could believe that the fbi has already been in my room and perhaps hidden a bug or two . 
 i get to my room , see no bugs or spooks , take a quick shower , and change into shorts and sandals . 
 i go to the bar to check out the talent . 
 i eat alone in the hotel cafe and catch the eye of a fortyish woman who is dining with what appears to be a female friend . 
 later , back in the bar , i see her again and we introduce ourselves . 
 eva , from puerto rico . 
 we 're having a drink when the band starts . 
 eva wants to dance , and though it 's been years , i hit the floor with all the energy i have . 
 around midnight , eva and i make it to my room , where we immediately undress and hop into bed . 
 i almost pray the fbi has the room wired for even the meekest of sounds . 
 if so , eva and i give them an earful . 
 i hustle out of the cab at a curb on 8th avenue , in downtown miami . 
 it 's 9:30 a.m. , already hot , and after a few minutes of brisk walking , my shirt is sticking to my back . 
 i do n't think i 'm being followed , but i duck and dart just the same . 
 the building is a squat five-story box , so ugly you ca n't believe someone paid an architect to design it . 
 but then i doubt if most of the tenants are cutting-edge companies . 
 one happens to be called corporate registry services , or crs , a name so bland and innocuous that no one would ever know the company 's business . 
 and most people would not want to . 
 crs may be perfectly legitimate , but it attracts a lot of clients who are not . 
 it 's an address , a drop-off , a front , a phone-answering service that a corporation can hire to buy some measure of authenticity . 
 since i have not called ahead , i kill an hour waiting for an account representative . 
 loyd is his name , and he eventually leads me back to a small , stuffy office and offers me a chair across from his landfill of a desk . 
 we chat for a few minutes as he scans the questionnaire i 've filled out . 
 `` what is skelter films ? '' 
 he finally asks . 
 `` a documentary film production company . '' 
 `` who owns it ? '' 
 `` me . 
 incorporated in delaware . '' 
 `` how many films have you made ? '' 
 `` none . 
 just getting started . '' 
 `` what are the chances of skelter films being around two years from now ? '' 
 `` slim . '' 
 he hears this shadiness all the time and it does n't faze him . 
 `` sounds like a front . '' 
 `` that 's pretty accurate . '' 
 `` we require an affidavit in which you swear under oath that your company will not be engaged in criminal activities . '' 
 `` i swear it will not . '' 
 he 's heard this before too . 
 `` okay , here 's how we operate . 
 we provide skelter with a physical address , here in this building . 
 when we get mail , we forward it to wherever you say . 
 we provide a phone number , and all incoming calls will be handled by a live voice who 'll chirp whatever you want . 
 ` good morning , skelter films , how can i direct your call ? ' 
 or something else . 
 you got partners ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` any employees , fictional or otherwise ? '' 
 `` i 'll have a few names , all fictional . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 if the caller asks for one of these ghosts , our girl will say whatever you want . 
 ` sorry , he 's filming on location , ' or whatever . 
 you write the fiction , and we 'll deliver it . 
 as soon as we get a call , we notify you . 
 what about a web site ? '' 
 i 'm not sure about this , so i say , `` not yet . 
 what are the pros ? '' 
 loyd shifts weight and leans on his elbows . 
 `` okay , let 's say skelter is a legitimate company that will make lots of documentaries . 
 if so , it will need a web site for all the usual reasons - marketing , information , ego . 
 on the other hand , let 's pretend skelter is a real corporation but not a real film company . 
 maybe it 's trying to just give that impression , for whatever reason . 
 a web site is a great way to bolster the image , to sort of fudge on reality . 
 nothing illegal , mind you . 
 but we can establish a web site with stock photos and biographies of your staff , your films , awards , ongoing projects , you name it . '' 
 `` how much ? '' 
 `` ten grand . '' 
 i 'm not sure i want or need to spend the money , not at this point anyway . 
 `` let me ponder it , '' i say , and loyd shrugs . 
 `` how much for your basic registry services ? '' 
 `` address , phone , fax , and everything related is $ 500 a month , payable six months in advance . '' 
 `` you accept cash ? '' 
 loyd smiles and says , `` oh yes . 
 we prefer cash . '' 
 no surprise there . 
 i pay the money , sign a contract , sign the affidavit form promising to keep my activities legal , and leave his office . 
 crs boasts of nine hundred satisfied clients , and as i walk through the lobby , i ca n't help but feel as though i 've joined some manner of underworld filled with shell companies , faceless crooks , and foreign tax evaders . 
 what the hell . 
 after two more nights with eva , she wants me to go home to puerto rico with her . 
 i promise to think about it , then slip away from the blue moon and drive to the miami international airport , where i park in long-term and shuttle to the terminals . 
 i pull out a credit card and my new passport and buy a one-way ticket to montego bay on air jamaica . 
 the plane is packed : half dark-skinned native jamaicans and half pale-white tourists headed for the sun . 
 before we take off , the lovely attendants are serving rum punch . 
 the flight takes forty-five minutes . 
 on the ground , the customs agent takes far too long studying my passport , and i 'm starting to panic when he finally waves me through . 
 i find the bus to rum bay resort , an all-inclusive , singles-only , fairly notorious stretch of topless beaches . 
 for three days , i sit in the shade by the pool and ponder the meaning of life . 
 the freezer had been dismantled a month earlier , and victor westlake was settled back into his routine and office on the fourth floor of the hoover building in washington . 
 though the murders of judge fawcett and naomi clary were technically solved , many doubts and questions remained . 
 the most pressing issue , of course , was the validity of quinn rucker 's confession . 
 if the judge suppressed it , the government would be left with little proof with which to go forward . 
 the murders were solved , but the case was not closed , at least in westlake 's opinion . 
 he was still spending two hours each day dealing with it . 
 there was the daily report on the business of max baldwin : his movements , meetings , phone calls , internet activity , et cetera . 
 so far , max had done nothing to surprise them . 
 westlake did not like the trip to jamaica and beyond , but there was nothing he could do about it . 
 they were watching as closely as possible . 
 there was the daily report on rucker 's family . 
 the fbi had obtained court approval to monitor phone conversations of dee ray rucker , sammy -lrb- tall man -rrb- rucker , their sister lucinda , and four relatives involved in the d.c. unit of their trafficking operation . 
 on wednesday , june 15 , westlake was in a staff meeting when he was summoned to the phone . 
 it was urgent , and within minutes he was in a conference room with technicians who were working quickly to prepare the audio . 
 one of them said , `` the call came to dee ray 's cell phone last night at 11:19 , not sure where it came from , but here it is . 
 the first voice is dee ray , the second is sully . 
 we have not yet identified sully . '' 
 another technician said , `` here it is . '' 
 dee ray : yeah . 
 sully : dee ray , sully here . 
 dee ray : what you got ? 
 sully : got the snitch , man . 
 bannister . 
 dee ray : no shit , man . 
 sully : no shit , dee ray . 
 dee ray : okay , do n't tell me how , just tell me where . 
 sully : well , he 's a beach bum now , in florida . 
 name is max baldwin , lives in a little condo in neptune beach , east of jacksonville . 
 seems to have some money , taking it easy , you know . 
 the good life . 
 dee ray : what 's he look like ? 
 sully : a different dude . 
 lots of surgery . 
 but the same height , down a few pounds . 
 same walk . 
 plus we got a fingerprint and a match . 
 dee ray : a fingerprint ? 
 sully : our firm is good . 
 they followed him down the beach and saw him toss a water bottle in the trash . 
 they picked it up , got a print . 
 dee ray : that is good . 
 sully : like i said . 
 what now ? 
 dee ray : sit tight . 
 let me sleep on it . 
 he ai n't going nowhere , right ? 
 sully : no , he 's a happy boy . 
 dee ray : beautiful . 
 westlake slowly fell into a chair , slack-jawed and pale , too shaken to speak for a moment . 
 then , `` get me twill . '' 
 a flunky disappeared , and while he waited , westlake rubbed his eyes and contemplated his next move . 
 twill , the top assistant , arrived in a rush , and they listened to the tape again . 
 for westlake , it was even more chilling the second time around . 
 `` how in the ... , '' twill mumbled . 
 westlake was recovering . 
 `` call bratten at the marshals service . '' 
 `` bratten had surgery yesterday , '' twill said . 
 `` newcombe is in charge . '' 
 `` then get newcombe on the phone . 
 we ca n't waste time here . '' 
 i 've joined a gym and i spend an hour there each day around noon , walking uphill on a treadmill and doing reps with light weights . 
 if i plan to spend so much time on the beach , i need to look the part . 
 after some steam and a long shower , i am dressing when the cell phone starts buzzing in the top of my locker . 
 it 's dear diana , and an odd time for her to be calling . 
 `` hello , '' i say quietly , though the locker room is not busy . 
 `` we need to talk , '' she says abruptly , the first-ever hint that something might be out of place . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` not now . 
 there are two fbi agents in the parking lot in a maroon jeep cherokee , parked next to your car . 
 they 'll give you a ride . '' 
 `` and how exactly do you know where i am at this moment , diana ? '' 
 `` let 's discuss it later . '' 
 i sit in a folding chair . 
 `` talk to me , diana . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` max , i 'm ten minutes away . 
 follow orders , get in the jeep , and i 'll tell you everything i know as soon as i see you . 
 let 's not do it over the phone . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i finish dressing and try to act as calm as always . 
 i walk through the gym and smile at a yoga instructor i 've been smiling at for a week now and make my way to the front door . 
 i glance outside and see the maroon jeep parked next to my car . 
 at this point it 's fairly obvious that something dreadful has happened , so i swallow hard and step into the blinding midday sun . 
 the driver hops out and , without a word , opens a rear door . 
 i ride for seven minutes in complete silence until we park in the driveway of a quaint duplex cottage with a `` for rent '' sign in the front yard . 
 it 's a block from the ocean . 
 as soon as the engine is turned off , both agents jump out and scan the periphery , as if snipers might be up there , just waiting . 
 the knot in my stomach feels like a bowling ball . 
 we make it inside without getting shot , and diana is waiting . 
 `` nice place you have here , '' i say . 
 `` it 's a safe house , '' she replies . 
 `` oh , okay . 
 and why are we hiding in a safe house in the middle of a perfectly fine day ? '' 
 a gray-haired man enters from the kitchen and thrusts out a hand . 
 `` max , i 'm dan raynor , u.s. marshal , supervisor for this area . '' 
 we shake hands like old friends and he 's actually smiling as if we 're about to have a long lunch . 
 `` a real pleasure , '' i say . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 there are four of them - raynor , diana , and the two nameless fbi agents - and for a few seconds they 're not sure of the protocol here . 
 whose territory ? 
 who 's included ? 
 who stays and who leaves ? 
 as i 've already learned , these cross-agency turf fights can be confusing . 
 raynor does the talking . 
 `` max , i 'm afraid there 's been a breach . 
 to put it bluntly - your cover has been blown . 
 we have no idea how this happened . '' 
 i sit down and wipe my forehead . 
 `` who knows what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 raynor says , `` we do n't know much , but there are some folks flying in from washington right now . 
 they should be here in an hour or so . 
 evidently , the fbi picked up something last night from a wiretap . 
 there was some chatter among the rucker family , and the fbi heard it . '' 
 `` they know where i am ? '' 
 `` they do . 
 they know exactly where you 're living . '' 
 `` we 're very sorry about this , max , '' diana says , and i glare at her and her stupidity as if i could strangle her . 
 `` gosh , that means so much , '' i say . 
 `` why do n't you just shut up ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` that 's twice you 've said that . 
 please do n't say it again , okay ? 
 it means nothing . 
 it 's totally useless . '' 
 she 's stung by my harshness , but i really do n't care . 
 my only concern right now is my own skin . 
 the four people staring at me , along with their higher-ups and their entire government , are all responsible for the `` breach . '' 
 `` would you like some coffee ? '' 
 diana asks meekly . 
 `` no , i 'd like some heroin , '' i say . 
 they find this funny , but then we could all use a laugh . 
 coffee is poured and a platter of cookies makes the rounds . 
 we begin the process of waiting . 
 as surreal as it is , i begin thinking about where to go next . 
 raynor says they 'll get my car after dark . 
 they 're waiting on a black male agent from the orlando office who will be my double for the next day or so . 
 under no circumstances will i be allowed to return to my condo to live , and we haggle about how to retrieve my sparse belongings . 
 the marshals service will take care of the lease and turn off the utilities . 
 raynor thinks i 'll need a different vehicle , but i push back initially . 
 the fbi agents leave and return with sandwiches . 
 the clock seems to stop as the walls close in . 
 finally , at 3:30 , mr. victor westlake walks in the front door and says , `` max , i 'm sorry . '' 
 i do not stand , nor do i offer a hand to shake . 
 the sofa is all mine . 
 he has three other dark suits with him and they scramble for kitchen chairs and stools . 
 when everyone is introduced and seated , westlake begins , `` this is highly unusual , max , and i do n't know what to say . 
 as of now , we have no idea where the breach occurred , and we may never find out . '' 
 `` just tell me what you do know , '' i say . 
 westlake opens a file and pulls out some papers . 
 `` here 's the transcript of a phone conversation we caught last night between dee ray rucker and someone named sully . 
 both were on cell phones . 
 dee ray was in d.c. sully made the call from somewhere around here . '' 
 i read the transcript while the rest of them hold their breath . 
 it takes a few seconds , then i place it on the coffee table . 
 `` how 'd they do it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` we 're still working on it . 
 one theory is that they used a private company to track you down . 
 we monitor a handful of firms that specialize in corporate espionage , surveillance , missing persons , private snooping , and the like . 
 these are ex-military types , ex-spies , and , i 'm ashamed to say , a few ex - fbi agents . 
 they 're good and they have the technology . 
 for the right fee , they could gather a lot of information . '' 
 `` from where ? 
 from the inside ? '' 
 `` we do n't know yet , max . '' 
 `` if you did know , you would n't tell me . 
 you would never admit it if the breach was caused by someone within the government - the fbi , the marshals service , the u.s. attorney 's office , the department of justice , the bureau of prisons . 
 hell knows who else . 
 how many people are plugged into this little secret , mr. westlake ? 
 several dozen , maybe more . 
 did the ruckers find me because they picked up my scent , or did they follow the fbi because the fbi was following me ? '' 
 `` i assure you there was no internal breach . '' 
 `` but you just said you do n't know . 
 your assurances mean nothing at this point . 
 the only certainty right now is that everyone involved will cover their ass and point fingers , starting right now . 
 i do n't believe anything you say , mr. westlake . 
 you or anybody else . '' 
 `` you have to trust us , max . 
 this situation is urgent , perhaps lethal . '' 
 `` i trusted you until this morning , and look where i am now . 
 there 's no trust . 
 zero . '' 
 `` we have to protect you until the trial , max . 
 you understand this . 
 after the trial , we lose interest . 
 but until then , we have to make sure you 're safe . 
 that 's why we tapped the phones . 
 we were monitoring the ruckers and we got lucky . 
 we 're on your side , max . 
 sure , there was a screwup somewhere , and we 'll find out what happened . 
 but you 're sitting here in one piece because we were doing our jobs . '' 
 `` congratulations , '' i say , and go to the bathroom . 
 the real fight breaks out when i inform them i 'm leaving witness protection . 
 dan raynor rants about how dangerous my life will be if i do n't allow them to scoop me up and deposit me a thousand miles away , under yet another name . 
 too bad . 
 i 'll take my chances hiding on my own . 
 westlake begs me to stay with them . 
 my testimony will be crucial at trial , and without it there may be no conviction . 
 i remind him repeatedly that they have a confession , and no federal judge is going to suppress it . 
 i promise i 'll show up for the trial . 
 i argue that my life will be safer when only i know where i 'm hiding . 
 there are simply too many agents involved in protecting me . 
 raynor reminds me more than once that the marshals service has never lost an informant within its protection , over eight thousand and counting , and i repeatedly remind him someone will be the first casualty . 
 someone other than me . 
 the discussion is often heated , but i 'm not backing down . 
 and all they can do is argue . 
 they have no authority over me . 
 my sentence was commuted and i 'm not on parole . 
 i agreed to testify , and i plan to do so . 
 my agreement with the marshals service plainly states that i can leave witness protection anytime i want . 
 `` i 'm leaving , '' i declare and get to my feet . 
 `` will you be so kind as to drive me back to my car ? '' 
 no one moves . 
 raynor asks , `` what are your plans ? '' 
 `` why would i share my plans with you ? '' 
 `` what about the condo ? '' 
 `` i 'll leave in a couple of days , then it 's all yours . '' 
 `` so you are leaving the area ? '' 
 diana asks . 
 `` i did n't say that . 
 i said i 'm leaving the condo . '' 
 i look at westlake and say , `` and please stop following me . 
 there 's a good chance someone is watching you as you watch me . 
 give me a break here , okay ? '' 
 `` that 's not true , max . '' 
 `` you do n't know what 's true . 
 just stop following me , okay ? '' 
 of course he does not say yes . 
 his cheeks are red and he 's really pissed , but then again this is a man who usually gets his way . 
 i walk to the door , yank it open , and say , `` if you wo n't give me a ride , i 'll just walk . '' 
 `` take him back , '' westlake says . 
 `` thanks , '' i say over my shoulder and leave the cottage . 
 the last thing i hear is raynor calling out , `` you 're making a big mistake , max . '' 
 i ride in the backseat of the jeep as the same two agents chauffeur me in silence . 
 in the parking lot outside the gym , i get out and say nothing . 
 they drive away , but i doubt they go far . 
 i get into my little audi , put the top down and go for a drive along the beach on highway a1a . 
 i refuse to look in the rearview mirror . 
 i sleep with a gun , a beretta 9-millimeter , legally purchased by me and duly licensed by the state of florida . 
 i have n't fired a weapon in twenty years , since my days as a marine , and i have no desire to start shooting now . 
 it 's resting on the cardboard box that passes as a nightstand beside my bed . 
 another box on the floor is filled with the possessions i need - my laptop , ipad , some books , a shaving kit , a ziploc bag filled with cash , a couple of files with personal records , and a prepaid cell phone with unlimited minutes and a miami area code . 
 a cheap suitcase , one that will fit into the audi 's rather small trunk , is packed with my wardrobe and ready to go . 
 most of these items - the gun , the cell phone , the suitcase - were purchased recently just in case a quick exit became necessary . 
 well , said exit is now at hand . 
 before dawn , i load the car and wait . 
 i sit on my terrace for the last time , sipping coffee and watching the ocean fade into pink , then orange as the sun peeks over the horizon . 
 i 've watched this many times and never grow tired of it . 
 on a clear morning , the perfect sphere rises from the water and says hello , good morning , what another fine day it 's going to be . 
 i 'm not sure where i 'm headed or where i 'll end up , but i plan to be near a beach so i can begin each day with such quiet perfection . 
 at 8:30 , i walk out of the condo , leaving behind a refrigerator half filled with food and beverages , a motley assortment of dishes and utensils , a nice coffeepot , some magazines on the sofa , and some bread and crackers in the pantry . 
 for forty-six days i lived here , my first real home after prison , and i 'm sad to be leaving it . 
 i thought i would stay longer . 
 i leave the lights on , lock the door behind me , and wonder how many more temporary hiding places await me before i am no longer forced to keep running . 
 i drive away and am soon lost in the heavy commuter traffic going west into jacksonville . 
 i know they 're back there , but maybe not for long . 
 two hours later , i enter the sprawl north of orlando and stop for breakfast at a pancake house . 
 i eat slow , read newspapers , and watch the crowd . 
 down the street , i check into a cheap motel and pay cash for one night . 
 the clerk asks for some id with a photo and i explain that i lost my wallet last night in a bar . 
 she does n't like this , but she likes the idea of cash , so why bother . 
 she gives me a key and i go to my room . 
 working the yellow pages and using my prepaid cell phone , i eventually find a detail shop that can squeeze me in at three that afternoon . 
 for $ 199 , the kid on the other end promises to make my car look like a new one . 
 buck 's pro shine is on the backside of a large assembly-line car wash that 's doing a bustling business . 
 my car and i are assigned to a skinny country kid named denny , and he takes his job seriously . 
 in great detail , he lays out his plan for washing and shining and is surprised when i say that i 'll wait . 
 `` could take two hours , '' he says . 
 `` i have nowhere to go , '' i reply . 
 he shrugs and moves the audi onto a wash rack . 
 i find a seat on a bench under a canopy and start reading a walter mosley paperback . 
 thirty minutes later , denny finishes the exterior wash and starts the vacuum . 
 he opens both doors , and i ease over for a chat . 
 i explain i 'm leaving town , so the suitcase stays in the backseat and the cardboard box in the trunk is not to be touched . 
 he shrugs again , whatever . 
 less work for him . 
 i take a step closer and tell denny that i 'm going through a bad divorce and i have reason to believe my wife 's lawyers are watching every move i make . 
 i strongly suspect there is a gps tracking device hidden somewhere in or on the car , and if denny finds it , i 'll slide him an extra $ 100 bill . 
 at first he is hesitant , but i assure him it 's my car and there 's nothing illegal about disarming a tracking device . 
 her slimy lawyers are the ones breaking the law . 
 finally , there 's a twinkle in his eye and he 's on board . 
 i pop the hood , and together we start combing the car . 
 as we do so , i explain there are dozens of different devices , all shapes and sizes , but most are attached with a strong magnet . 
 depending on the model , the battery can last for weeks , or the device can even be hot-wired to the car 's electrical system . 
 some antennas are external , some internal . 
 `` how do you know all this ? '' 
 he asks , flat on his back , his head under the car , poking around the chassis . 
 `` because i hid one on my wife 's car , '' i reply , and he finds it funny . 
 `` why have n't you looked for yourself ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` because i was being watched . '' 
 we search for an hour and find nothing . 
 i am beginning to think maybe my car was bug-free after all when denny removes a small panel behind the right headlight . 
 he 's on his back , his shoulder squeezed against the right front tire . 
 he snaps something loose and hands it to me . 
 the waterproof covering is the size of a cell phone and made of hard black plastic . 
 i remove it and say , `` bingo . '' 
 i 've looked at a hundred of these online and have never seen one like this , so i assume it 's government issued . 
 no brand name , no markings , numbers , or letters . 
 `` nice work , denny , '' i say , and hand him a $ 100 bill . 
 `` can i finish detailing now ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` sure . '' 
 i drift away , leaving him to his labors . 
 next to the car wash there is a small shopping center with half a dozen low-end stores . 
 i buy a cup of stale decaf and sit in the window of a coffee shop , watching the parking lot . 
 an elderly couple in a cadillac park , get out , and shuffle into a chinese buffet . 
 as soon as they 're inside , i exit the coffee shop and walk through the lot as if i 'm headed to my car . 
 behind the cadillac , i quickly bend over and slap the tracking device onto the bottom of the fuel tank . 
 ontario license plates - perfect . 
 denny is washing windows , sweating profusely , lost in his work . 
 i tap him on the shoulder , startle him , and say , `` look , denny , nice work and all , but something 's come up . 
 i need to hit the road . '' 
 i 'm peeling off cash and hand him three $ 100 bills . 
 he 's confused , but i do n't care . 
 `` whatever you say , man , '' he mumbles , staring at the money . 
 `` got ta run . '' 
 he pulls a towel off the top of the car . 
 `` good luck with the divorce , man . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 west of orlando , i take interstate 75 north , through ocala , then gainesville , then into georgia , where i stop in valdosta for the night . 
 over the next five days , my wanderings take me as far south as new orleans , as far west as wichita falls , texas , and as far north as kansas city . 
 i use interstate highways , state routes , country roads , and national parkways . 
 all expenses are paid in cash , so , to my knowledge , there is no trail . 
 i double back a dozen times and become convinced there is no one behind me . 
 my journey ends in lynchburg , virginia , where i roll in just after midnight and once again pay cash for a motel room . 
 so far , only one place has refused to do business because i claim to have no id . 
 then again , i 'm not lodging at marriotts or hiltons . 
 i 'm tired of the road and eager to get down to business . 
 i sleep late into the next morning , then drive an hour to roanoke , the last place anyone who knows max baldwin would expect to find him . 
 fortified with that knowledge , and a new face , i am confident i can move around with anonymity in a metro area of 200,000 people . 
 the only troublesome part of my package is the florida license plates on my car , and i contemplate renting another one . 
 i decide against this because of the paperwork . 
 plus , the florida angle will pay off later . 
 i drive around the city for a while , checking out the landscape , downtown , the old sections , and the inevitable sprawl . 
 malcolm bannister visited roanoke on several occasions , including once as a seventeen-year-old high school football player . 
 winchester is just three hours north , on interstate 81 . 
 as a young lawyer there , malcolm drove down twice to take depositions . 
 the town of salem adjoins roanoke , and malcolm spent a weekend there once at a friend 's wedding . 
 that marriage ended in divorce , same as malcolm 's . 
 the friend was never heard from again after malcolm went to prison . 
 so i sort of know the area . 
 the first motel i try belongs to a national chain and has rather strict rules about registration . 
 the old lost-wallet ruse fails me , and i am denied a room when i can not produce an id . 
 no problem - there is an abundance of inexpensive motels in the area . 
 i drift to the southern edge of roanoke and find myself in a less than affluent part of salem where i spot a motel that probably offers rooms by the hour . 
 cash will be welcomed . 
 i opt for the daily rate of $ 40 and tell the old woman at the front desk i will be around for a few days . 
 she 's not too friendly , and it dawns on me that she might have owned the place back in the good ole days when blacks were turned away . 
 it 's ninety degrees , and i ask if the air-conditioning is working . 
 brand-new units , she says proudly . 
 i park around back , directly in front of my room and far away from the street . 
 the bed linens and floors are clean . 
 the bathroom is spotless . 
 the new window unit hums along nicely , and by the time i unload my car , the temperature is below seventy . 
 i stretch out on the bed and wonder how many illicit hookups have occurred here . 
 i think of eva from puerto rico and how nice it would be to hold her again . 
 and i think of vanessa young and what it will be like to finally touch her . 
 at dark , i walk down the street and eat a salad at a fast-food place . 
 i 'm down twenty pounds since i left frostburg , and i 'm determined to keep losing , for now anyway . 
 as i leave the restaurant , i see stadium lights and decide to take in a game . 
 i drive to memorial stadium , home of the salem red sox , boston 's class high-a affiliate . 
 they 're playing the lynchburg hillcats before a nice crowd . 
 for $ 6 , i get a seat in the bleachers . 
 i buy a beer from a vendor and soak in the sights and sounds of the game . 
 nearby is a young father with his two sons , t-ballers , i suspect , no more than six years old and wearing red sox jerseys and caps . 
 i think of bo and all the hours we spent playing catch in the backyard while dionne sat on the small patio and sipped iced tea . 
 it seems like yesterday that we were all together , a little family with big dreams and a future . 
 bo was so small and cute , and his father was his hero . 
 i was trying to turn him into a switch-hitter , at the age of five , when the feds entered my life and wrecked things . 
 what a waste . 
 and , other than myself , no one really cares anymore . 
 i suppose my father and siblings would like to see my life made whole again , but it 's not a priority . 
 they have their own lives to worry about . 
 once you go to prison , the world assumes you deserve it , and all pity comes to an end . 
 if you polled my former friends and acquaintances in my hometown , i 'm sure they would say something like , `` poor malcolm , he just crawled in bed with the wrong people . 
 cut some corners . 
 got a bit greedy . 
 how tragic . '' 
 everyone is quick to forget because everyone wants to forget . 
 the war on crime needs casualties ; poor malcolm got himself captured . 
 for the sixth day in a row , victor westlake sipped his early morning coffee while scanning a brief memo on mr. max baldwin . 
 the informant had vanished . 
 the gps tracker had finally been removed from a cadillac seville owned by an elderly canadian couple as they ate lunch near savannah , georgia . 
 they would never know they had been cyber-tracked by the fbi for three hundred miles . 
 westlake had punished the three field agents assigned to monitor baldwin 's car . 
 they lost him in orlando and picked up the wrong scent as the cadillac headed north . 
 baldwin was n't using his iphone , his credit cards , or his initial internet service provider . 
 the court-approved snooping on those fronts would expire in a week , and there was almost no chance it would be renewed . 
 he was neither a suspect nor a fugitive , and the court was reluctant to allow such extensive eavesdropping on a law-abiding citizen . 
 his checking account at suncoast had a balance of $ 4,500 . 
 the reward money had been tracked as it was split and bounced around the state of florida , but the fbi eventually lost its trail . 
 baldwin had moved the money so fast the fbi lawyers could not keep pace with their requests for search warrants . 
 there were at least eight withdrawals totaling $ 65,000 in cash . 
 there was one record of a wire transfer of $ 40,000 to an account in panama , and westlake assumed the rest of the money was offshore . 
 he had grudgingly come to respect baldwin and his ability to disappear . 
 if the fbi could n't find him , maybe he was safe after all . 
 if baldwin could avoid credit cards , his iphone , use of his passport , and getting himself arrested , he could remain hidden for a long time . 
 there had been no more chatter from the rucker clan , and westlake was still dumbfounded by the fact that a gang of narco-traffickers in d.c. had located baldwin near jacksonville . 
 the fbi and the marshals service were investigating themselves , but so far not a clue . 
 westlake placed the memo in a pile of papers and finished his coffee . 
 i find the office of beebe security in a professional office building not far from my motel . 
 the yellow pages ad boasted twenty years of experience , a law enforcement background , state-of-the-art technology , and so on . 
 almost all of the ads in the private investigations section used this same language , and i can not remember , as i park my car , what attracted me to beebe . 
 maybe it is the name . 
 if i do n't like the outfit , i 'll go to the next name on my list . 
 if i had seen frank beebe walk down the street , i could 've said , `` there goes a private detective . '' 
 fifty years old , thick-chested with a gut pressuring his shirt buttons , polyester pants , pointed-toe cowboy boots , full head of gray hair , the obligatory mustache , and the cocky swagger of a man who 's armed and unafraid . 
 he closes the door to his cramped office and says , `` what can i do for you , mr. baldwin ? '' 
 `` i need to locate someone . '' 
 `` what type of case ? '' 
 he asks as he lands hard in his oversized executive chair . 
 the wall behind him is covered with large photos and seminar certificates . 
 `` it 's not really a case . 
 i just need to find this guy . '' 
 `` what will you do after you find him ? '' 
 `` talk to him . 
 that 's all . 
 there 's no cheating husband or delinquent debtor . 
 i 'm not looking for money or revenge or anything bad . 
 i just need to meet this guy and find out more about him . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 frank uncaps his pen and is ready to take notes . 
 `` tell me about him . '' 
 `` his name is nathan cooley . 
 i think he also goes by nat , too . 
 thirty years old , single , i think . 
 he 's from a small town called willow gap . '' 
 `` i 've been through willow gap . '' 
 `` last i knew , his mother still lives there , but i 'm not sure where cooley is now . 
 a few years back , he got busted in a meth sting - '' `` what a surprise . '' 
 `` and spent a few years in federal prison . 
 his older brother was killed in a shoot-out with the police . '' 
 frank is scribbling away . 
 `` and how do you know this guy ? '' 
 `` let 's just say we go way back . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 he knows when to ask questions and when to let them pass . 
 `` what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 `` look , mr. beebe - '' `` it 's frank . '' 
 `` okay , frank , i doubt there are many black folks in and around willow gap . 
 that , plus i 'm from miami , and i have florida tags on my little foreign car . 
 if i show up and start poking around , asking questions , i probably wo n't get too far . '' 
 `` you 'd probably get shot . '' 
 `` i 'd like to avoid that . 
 so , i figure you can do the job without raising suspicion . 
 i just need his address and phone number if possible . 
 anything else would be gravy . '' 
 `` have you tried the phone book ? '' 
 `` yes , and there are quite a few cooleys around willow gap . 
 no nathan . 
 i would n't get too far making a bunch of cold calls . '' 
 `` right . 
 anything else ? '' 
 `` that 's it . 
 pretty simple . '' 
 `` okay , i charge a hundred bucks an hour , plus expenses . 
 i 'll drive to willow gap this afternoon . 
 it 's about an hour from here , way back in the boondocks . '' 
 `` so i 've heard . '' 
 the first draft of my letter reads : dear mr. cooley : my name is reed baldwin and i am a documentary filmmaker in miami . 
 along with two partners , i own a production company called skelter films . 
 we specialize in documentaries dealing with the abuse of power by the federal government . 
 my current project deals with a series of cold-blooded murders carried out by agents of the drug enforcement administration . 
 this topic is very close to me because three years ago my seventeen-year-old nephew was gunned down by two agents in trenton , new jersey . 
 he was unarmed and had no criminal record . 
 of course , an internal investigation showed no fault on the part of the dea . 
 the lawsuit filed by my family was dismissed . 
 in researching this film , i believe i have uncovered a conspiracy that reaches the highest levels of the dea . 
 i believe certain agents are encouraged to simply murder drug dealers , or suspected drug dealers . 
 the purpose is twofold : first , such murders obviously stop criminal activity . 
 second , they avoid lengthy trials and such . 
 the dea is killing people instead of arresting them . 
 to date , i have uncovered about a dozen of these suspicious killings . 
 i have interviewed several of the families , and they all feel strongly that their loved ones were murdered . 
 this brings me to you : i know the basic facts regarding the death of your brother , gene , in 2004 . 
 there were at least three dea agents involved in the shooting , and , as always , they claim they acted in self-defense . 
 i believe you were on the scene at the time of the shooting . 
 please allow me the opportunity to meet , buy you lunch , and discuss this project . 
 i am currently in washington , d.c. , but i can drop things here and drive to southwest virginia at your convenience . 
 my cell phone number is 305-806-1921 . 
 thank you for your time . 
 sincerely , m. reed baldwin the clock slows considerably as the hours pass . 
 i go for a long drive south down interstate 81 and check out blacksburg , home of virginia tech , then christiansburg , radford , marion , and pulaski . 
 it 's mountainous terrain and a pretty drive , but i 'm not sightseeing . 
 i may need one of these towns in the near future , and so i take notes of truck stops , motels , and fast-food joints near the interstate . 
 the truck traffic is heavy and there are automobiles from dozens of states , so no one notices me . 
 occasionally , i leave the four-lane and venture deep into the hills , driving through small towns without stopping . 
 i find ripplemead , population 500 , the nearest hamlet to the lakeside cabin where judge fawcett and naomi clary were murdered . 
 i eventually wander back to roanoke . 
 the lights are on ; the red sox are playing again . 
 i buy a ticket and have a hot dog and a beer for dinner . 
 frank beebe calls me at eight the next morning , and an hour later i 'm in his office . 
 as he pours coffee , he says , matter-of-factly , `` found him in the town of radford , a college town of about 16,000 . 
 he got out of prison a few months ago , lived with his mother for a while , then moved away . 
 i talked to his mother , a tough old gal , and she said he bought a bar in radford . '' 
 i 'm curious , so i ask , `` how did you get her to talk ? '' 
 frank laughs and lights another cigarette . 
 `` that 's the easy part , reed . 
 when you 've been in this business as long as i have , you can always spew some bullshit and get people talking . 
 i figured his mother still has a healthy fear of anyone connected to the prison system , so i told her i was a federal prison agent and needed to chat with her boy . '' 
 `` is n't that impersonating an officer ? '' 
 `` nope , no such thing as a federal prison agent . 
 she did n't ask for a card , and if she had , then i would 've given her one . 
 i keep a bunch of cards . 
 on any given day , i can be one of many different federal agents . 
 you 'd be amazed how easy it is to fool people . '' 
 `` did you go to the bar ? '' 
 `` i did , but i did n't go in . 
 i would n't fit . 
 it 's just off the campus of radford university , so the crowd is a lot younger than me . 
 it 's called bombay 's and it 's been around for some time . 
 according to city records , it changed hands on may 10 of this year . 
 the seller was one arthur stone , and your boy nathan cooley was the buyer . '' 
 `` where does he live ? '' 
 `` do n't know . 
 nothing in the land records . 
 i suspect he 's renting , so there would be no record of that . 
 hell , he could be sleeping above the bar . 
 it 's an old two-story building . 
 you 're not going there , are you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` good . 
 you 're too old and you 're too black . 
 it 's an all-white crowd . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'll meet him somewhere else . '' 
 i pay frank beebe $ 600 in cash , and on the way out i ask , `` say , frank , if i needed a fake passport , you got any ideas ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 there 's a guy in baltimore i 've used before , does most anything . 
 but passports are tricky these days , homeland security and all that crap . 
 if they catch you , they really get excited . '' 
 i smile and say , `` it 's not for me . '' 
 he laughs and says , `` gee , i 've never heard that before . '' 
 my car is packed and i leave town . 
 four hours later i 'm in mclean , virginia , looking for a copy center that offers executive services . 
 i find one in an upscale shopping center , pay a hookup fee , and plug in my laptop to a printer . 
 after ten minutes of fiddling and haggling , i get the damned thing to work and print the letter to nathan cooley . 
 it 's on skelter films stationery , complete with an address on 8th avenue in miami and a full selection of phone and fax numbers . 
 on the envelope , i write : `` mr. nathan cooley , c/o bombay 's bar and grill , 914 east main street , radford , virginia 24141 . '' 
 to the left of the address , i write in bold letters : `` personal and confidential . '' 
 quinn rucker turned his back to the bars , stuck his hands through , and touched his wrists behind him . 
 the deputy slapped on the handcuffs as another one opened the cell door . 
 they escorted quinn to a cramped holding area where three fbi agents were waiting . 
 from there , they walked him through a side door and into a black suv with dark windows and more armed guards . 
 ten minutes later , he arrived with full escort at the rear door of the federal building , where he was whisked inside and up two flights of stairs . 
 neither victor westlake , nor stanley mumphrey , nor any other lawyer in the room had ever taken part in such a meeting . 
 the defendant was never brought in for a chat . 
 if the police needed to talk to the accused , they did so at the jail . 
 if his appearance was needed in court , the judge or magistrate called a hearing . 
 quinn was led into the small conference room , and the handcuffs were removed . 
 he shook hands with his lawyer , dusty shiver , who , of course , had to be present but was uncertain about the meeting . 
 he had cautioned the feds that his client would say nothing until he , dusty , allowed him to speak . 
 quinn had been in jail for four months and was not doing well . 
 for reasons known only to his keepers , he was locked down in solitary confinement . 
 contact with his guards was minimal . 
 the food was dreadful and he was losing weight . 
 he was also taking antidepressants and sleeping fifteen hours a day . 
 often , he refused to meet with anyone from his family , or with dusty . 
 one week he demanded the right to plead guilty in exchange for life in prison ; the next week he wanted a trial . 
 he had fired dusty twice , only to rehire him days later . 
 he occasionally admitted killing judge fawcett and his girlfriend but always recanted and accused the government of doping his food . 
 he had threatened the guards with promises of death and the deaths of their children , only to offer tearful apologies when his mood changed . 
 victor westlake was in charge of the meeting and began by saying , `` let 's get to the point , mr. rucker . 
 we have it on good intelligence that you and some of your fellow conspirators desire to knock off one of our witnesses . '' 
 dusty touched quinn 's arm and said , `` not a word . 
 do not speak until i say so . '' 
 quinn smiled at westlake as if killing a government witness would be a delight . 
 westlake kept going : `` the purpose of this little get-together is to warn you , mr. rucker , that if any of our witnesses are harmed , then you will face additional charges , and not just you . 
 we 'll go after every member of your family . '' 
 quinn was grinning , and he blurted , `` so , bannister is on the run , huh ? '' 
 `` shut up , quinn , '' dusty said . 
 `` i do n't have to shut up , '' quinn said . 
 `` i hear bannister has left the warm sun of florida . '' 
 `` shut up , quinn ! '' 
 dusty snarled again . 
 `` got him a new face , probably a new name , the works , '' quinn continued . 
 stanley mumphrey said , `` we 'll indict dee ray , tall man , several of your cousins , anybody and everybody we can throw the book at , quinn , if you harm any of our witnesses . '' 
 `` you do n't have any witnesses , '' quinn shot across the table . 
 `` only bannister . '' 
 dusty threw his hands up and slumped in his chair . 
 `` i advise you to shut up , quinn . '' 
 `` i hear you , '' quinn said . 
 `` i hear you . '' 
 westlake managed to maintain a scowl as he stared at the defendant , but he was stunned . 
 the meeting was supposed to intimidate quinn , not frighten the government . 
 how on earth were they able to find bannister in florida and now know he had fled ? 
 it was a chilling moment for westlake and his assistants . 
 if they could find their informant , they would certainly bring him in . 
 `` your entire family could face capital murder charges , '' stanley plowed on in a feeble attempt to sound tough . 
 quinn just smiled . 
 he stopped talking and folded his arms across his chest . 
 i have to see vanessa young . 
 a meeting has an element of risk ; to be seen together by the wrong people would create questions i 'm not ready to answer . 
 but a meeting is inevitable and has been for several years . 
 i saw her at frostburg , on a snowy day when many visitors did n't make the drive . 
 while i was talking to my father , henry , she walked in and sat at the next table . 
 she was there to visit her brother . 
 she was gorgeous , early forties , soft brown skin , beautiful sad eyes , long legs , and tight jeans . 
 the whole package . 
 i could not keep my eyes off her , and henry finally said , `` you want me to leave ? '' 
 of course not , because if he left , then my visiting time was over . 
 the longer he stayed , the longer i could look at vanessa . 
 before long , she was looking back , and we were soon making serious eye contact . 
 the attraction was mutual , at first . 
 but there were a couple of sticking points . 
 first , my incarceration and , second , her marriage , which , as it turned out , was a mess . 
 i leaned on her brother for information , but he wanted to stay out of it . 
 we swapped a few letters , but she was afraid of getting caught by her husband . 
 she tried to visit more often , to see both her brother and me , but she had two teenagers who were complicating her life . 
 after her divorce was final , she dated other men , but nothing worked . 
 i begged vanessa to wait for me , but seven years is a long time when you 're forty-one . 
 when her kids left home , she moved to richmond , virginia , and our long-distance romance cooled off . 
 vanessa 's background is such that she is extremely cautious and keeps one eye on the rearview mirror . 
 i guess we have that much in common . 
 using encrypted e-mails , we manage to arrange a time and place . 
 i warn her that i look nothing like the malcolm bannister she met in prison . 
 she says she 'll take that chance . 
 she ca n't wait to see the new-and-improved version . 
 as i park outside the restaurant , in a suburb of richmond , i have a bad case of the butterflies . 
 i 'm a wreck because i am about to finally touch the woman i have dreamed about for almost three years . 
 i know she wants to touch me too , but the guy she was so physically attracted to back then looks entirely different now . 
 what if she does n't approve ? 
 what if she prefers malcolm to max ? 
 it 's also unnerving to realize i 'm about to spend time with the only person , outside the feds , who knows both men . 
 i wipe perspiration from my forehead and consider leaving . 
 then i get out and slam the door . 
 she 's at the table , and as i almost stutter-step over , she smiles . 
 she approves . 
 i kiss her gently on the cheek and sit down , and for a long time we just look at each other . 
 finally , i say , `` well , what do you think ? '' 
 vanessa shakes her head and says , `` pretty astonishing . 
 i would have never known . 
 got any id ? '' 
 we both laugh and i say , `` sure , but it 's all bogus . 
 it says i 'm max now , not malcolm . '' 
 `` you look thin , max . '' 
 `` thanks , and you too . '' 
 i caught a glimpse of her legs under the table . 
 short skirt . 
 funky high heels . 
 she 's dressed for action . 
 `` which do you prefer ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` well , i suppose i do n't have a choice now , do i ? 
 i think you 're cute , max . 
 i like the new you , the whole ensemble . 
 whose idea was the designer eyeglasses ? '' 
 `` my consultant , same guy who suggested the slick head and four days of stubble . '' 
 `` the more i see , the more i like . '' 
 `` thank god . 
 i 'm a nervous wreck . '' 
 `` relax , baby . 
 we 're in for a long night . '' 
 the waiter takes our drink orders - a martini for me , diet soda for her . 
 there are a lot of things i do n't want to discuss , namely my sudden exit from prison and witness protection . 
 the brother she visited in prison got out but is already back behind bars , so we leave him out of the conversation . 
 i ask about her kids , a daughter who 's twenty and in college and a son who 's eighteen and drifting . 
 at one point , as i 'm talking , she stops me and says , `` you even sound different . '' 
 `` good . 
 it 's a new speech pattern i 've been practicing for months now . 
 a much slower delivery and a deeper voice . 
 does it seem genuine ? '' 
 `` i think so . 
 yes , it 's working . '' 
 she asks where i 'm living , and i explain i 've yet to find a home . 
 i 'm moving around , trying to avoid getting trailed by the fbi and others , lots of cheap motels . 
 i 'm not a fugitive , but i 'm not exactly in the clear . 
 our dinner arrives , but we hardly notice . 
 she says , `` you look a lot younger . 
 maybe i should see your plastic surgeon . '' 
 `` please , do n't change a thing . '' 
 i talk about the changes - primarily the eyes , nose , and chin . 
 i amuse her by describing the meetings with my surgical team and our efforts to design a new face . 
 i 'm also twenty pounds lighter and she thinks i need to put on a few pounds . 
 as our nerves settle we relax and talk like a couple of old friends . 
 the waiter asks if our food is okay , since we 've hardly touched it . 
 we hit a number of topics , but in the back of our minds we 're both thinking the same thing . 
 i finally say , `` let 's get outta here . '' 
 while vanessa is at work , i run a few errands around richmond . 
 at one store , i spend $ 70 on a cheap prepaid cell phone with one hundred minutes of call time , and at another i buy the identical phone and plan for $ 68 . 
 i 'll give one phone to vanessa and keep the other . 
 at a pharmacy , i load up on prepaid credit cards . 
 i have an appointment with a man who owns a camera shop and calls himself a videographer , but his fee is too high . 
 if i 'm lucky and get an interview , i 'll need two people - a cameraman and a gofer . 
 this guy says he works with a full crew or does n't work at all . 
 vanessa and i have a sandwich for lunch in a deli not far from her office . 
 for dinner , we go to a bistro in the carytown section of richmond . 
 our after-dinner routine is remarkably , and wonderfully , similar to the night before , and in the same hotel room . 
 this could be habit forming . 
 our plans for the third night , though , are derailed when her son calls . 
 he 's passing through town and needs a place to stay . 
 she figures he 'll need some money too . 
 we 're finishing dinner when the cell phone in my pocket vibrates . 
 the caller id says `` unknown , '' but then all calls to this phone are unknown . 
 expecting big news , i say to vanessa , `` excuse me , '' and step away from the table . 
 in the foyer of the restaurant , i answer the phone . 
 a vaguely familiar voice says , `` mr. reed baldwin , this is nathan cooley . 
 i got your letter . '' 
 i tell myself to speak slowly and deeply . 
 `` yes , mr. cooley , thanks for the call . '' 
 of course he got my letter - how else would he have my phone number ? 
 `` when do you want to talk ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` anytime . 
 i 'm in washington right now and we finished filming today . 
 i have some downtime , so right now is perfect . 
 what about you ? '' 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere . 
 how did you find me ? '' 
 `` the internet . 
 it 's hard to hide these days . '' 
 `` i guess so . 
 i usually sleep late , then work at the bar from about two until midnight . '' 
 `` how about lunch tomorrow ? '' 
 i say , a bit too eagerly . 
 `` just the two of us , no cameras or recorders or stuff like that . 
 i 'm buying . '' 
 a pause , and i hold my breath . 
 `` okay , i guess . 
 where ? '' 
 `` it 's your neck of the woods , mr. cooley . 
 you pick the time and place . 
 i 'll be there . '' 
 `` okay , at the radford exit off interstate 81 there is a place called spanky 's . 
 i 'll meet you there at noon tomorrow . '' 
 `` i 'll be there . '' 
 `` how will i recognize you ? '' 
 he asks , and i almost drop my phone . 
 recognition is a far greater issue than he 'll ever realize . 
 i have subjected myself to surgery that radically altered my face . 
 i shave my head every other day and my beard once a week . 
 i have starved off twenty pounds . 
 i wear fake tortoiseshell glasses with round red frames , along with black t-shirts , fake armani sport coats , and canvas sandals one would find only in miami or l.a. i have a different name . 
 i have a different voice and delivery . 
 and this entire charade has been carefully put together not to mislead the people who want to follow me or kill me but to conceal my real identity from you , mr. nathan cooley . 
 i say , `` i 'm six feet tall , black , thin , a slick head , and i 'll be wearing a white straw hat , panama style . '' 
 `` you 're black ? '' 
 he blurts . 
 `` yep . 
 is that a problem ? '' 
 `` no . 
 see you tomorrow . '' 
 i return to the table where vanessa is waiting anxiously . 
 i say softly , `` it 's cooley . 
 we 're meeting tomorrow . '' 
 she smiles and says , `` go for it . '' 
 we finish dinner and reluctantly say good-bye . 
 we kiss outside the restaurant and act like a couple of teenagers . 
 i think about her all the way to roanoke . 
 i arrive fifteen minutes early and park so that i can watch the vehicles as they turn in to the spanky 's lot . 
 the first thing i 'll see is his car , or truck , and this will reveal a lot . 
 six months ago he was in prison , where he had served a little over five years . 
 he has no father , an alcoholic mother , and no education past the tenth grade , so his choice of vehicle will be interesting . 
 as we talk , my plans are to make a mental note of everything i can possibly see - clothing , jewelry , watch , cell phone . 
 the traffic picks up as the lunch crowd rolls in . 
 at 12:03 , a sparkling-new silver chevrolet silverado half-ton pickup arrives , and i suspect it 's nathan cooley . 
 it is , and he parks on the other side of the lot . 
 he glances around nervously as he walks to the front entrance . 
 it 's been four years since i 've seen him , and he appears to have changed little . 
 same weight , same blond shaggy hair , though he once shaved his head in prison . 
 he looks twice at the florida tags on my car , then goes inside . 
 i take a deep breath , put the panama hat on my head , and walk to the door . 
 be cool , you idiot , i mumble to myself as my bowels flip . 
 this will take a steady hand and nerves of steel . 
 we meet inside the front foyer and exchange pleasantries . 
 i remove the hat as we follow the hostess to a booth in the rear . 
 across the table , we face each other and talk about the weather . 
 for a moment , i 'm almost overwhelmed by my ruse . 
 nathan is talking to a stranger , while i 'm talking to a kid i once knew quite well . 
 he does n't seem at all suspicious : no staring at my eyes or nose ; no squinting , or raised eyebrows , or distant glances as he listens to my voice . 
 and , thankfully , no `` you kinda remind me of a guy i once knew . '' 
 nothing , so far . 
 i tell the waitress i really want a beer , a tall draft , and nathan hesitates before saying , `` the same . '' 
 the success of this long-shot mission could well depend on alcohol . 
 nathan was raised in a culture of hard drinking and meth addiction . 
 then he spent five years in prison , clean and sober . 
 i 'm assuming he 's back to his old habits now that he 's out . 
 the fact that he owns his own bar is a good indication . 
 for a hillbilly who was never taught how to dress , he looks okay . 
 washed jeans , a coors light golf shirt some salesman left at the bar , and combat boots . 
 there is no jewelry and no watch , but he does have an incredibly ugly prison tattoo inside his left forearm . 
 in short , nathan is not flashing around money with his appearance . 
 the beer arrives and we tap glasses . 
 `` tell me about this film , '' he says . 
 out of habit , i nod , pause , tell myself to speak slowly , clearly , and as deeply as possible . 
 `` i 've been making documentaries for ten years now , and this is the most exciting project i 've seen . '' 
 `` look , mr. baldwin , what is a documentary film exactly ? 
 i watch some movies and all , but i do n't think i 've seen too many documentaries . '' 
 `` sure . 
 they 're typically small , independently produced films that you do n't see in the big movie houses . 
 they 're not commercial . 
 they 're about real people , real problems , real issues , no big movie stars and all that . 
 really good stuff . 
 the best win awards at film festivals and get some attention , but they 're never going to make a lot of money . 
 my company specializes in films that deal with the abuse of power , primarily by the federal government , but also by big corporations . '' 
 i take a sip , tell myself to go slow . 
 `` most are about an hour long . 
 this one might run for ninety minutes , but we 'll decide that later . '' 
 the waitress is back . 
 i order a chicken sandwich , and nathan wants a basket of wings . 
 `` how 'd you get into the bar business ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he takes a gulp , smiles , says , `` a friend . 
 the guy who owned the bar was going under , not from the bar , but from other properties . 
 recession got him , i think . 
 so he was trying to unload bombay 's . 
 he was looking for some fool to take the deed and assume the debts , and i said what the hell . 
 i 'm only thirty , no job , no prospects , why not take a chance ? 
 so far , though , i 'm making money . 
 it 's kinda fun . 
 lots of college girls hanging around . '' 
 `` you 're not married ? '' 
 `` no . 
 do n't know how much you know about me , mr. baldwin , but i just finished a five-year prison sentence . 
 thanks to the federal government , i ai n't had too many dates recently ; just now getting back in the game . 
 know what i mean ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 the prison time arose out of the same incident in which your brother was killed , right ? '' 
 `` you got it . 
 i pled guilty and went away for five . 
 my cousin is still in prison , big sandy over in kentucky , a bad place . 
 most of my cousins are either locked up or dead . 
 that 's one reason i moved to radford , mr. baldwin , to get away from the drug business . '' 
 `` i see . 
 please call me reed . 
 my father is mr. baldwin . '' 
 `` okay . 
 and i 'm nathan , or nate . '' 
 we tap glasses again as if we 're suddenly much closer . 
 in prison we called him nattie . 
 `` tell me about your film company , '' he says . 
 i anticipated this , but it is still shaky ground . 
 i take a gulp and swallow slowly . 
 `` skelter is a new company based in miami , just me and two partners , plus a staff . 
 for years i worked for a bigger production company in l.a. , an outfit called cove creek films , you may have heard of it . '' 
 he has not . 
 he just glanced at the rear end of a shapely young waitress . 
 `` anyway , cove creek has won a ton of awards and made decent money in this business , but last year it blew up . 
 big fight over creative control and which projects to do next . 
 we 're still in the middle of some nasty litigation that looks like it will drag on for years . 
 there 's an injunction in federal court in l.a. that prohibits me from even talking about cove creek or the lawsuit , pretty crazy , huh ? '' 
 to my relief , nathan is rapidly losing interest in my film company and its problems . 
 `` why are you based in miami ? '' 
 `` i went there a few years ago working on a film about bogus government defense contractors and fell in love with the place . 
 i live on south beach . 
 ever been there ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 except for the trips arranged by the u.s. marshals service , nathan has never ventured more than two hundred miles from willow gap . 
 `` it 's a happening place . 
 beautiful beaches , gorgeous girls , wild nightlife . 
 i got a divorce four years ago and i 'm enjoying the single life again . 
 i spend about half the year there . 
 the other half , i 'm on the road filming . '' 
 `` how do you film a documentary ? '' 
 he asks , then knocks back some beer . 
 `` it 's far different from a feature film . 
 it 's usually just me and a cameraman , maybe a technician or two . 
 the story is the important part , not the scenery or the actor 's face . '' 
 `` and you want to film me ? '' 
 `` absolutely . 
 you , maybe your mother , maybe other members of the family . 
 i want to go to the place where your brother was killed . 
 what i 'm after here , nathan , is the truth . 
 i 'm onto something , something that could really be big . 
 if i can prove the dea systematically knocks off drug dealers , that they murder them in cold blood , then we might be able to bust these sumbitches . 
 my nephew was breaking bad , getting deeper into the crack trade , but he was not a hard-core dealer . 
 stupid , yes , but not dangerous . 
 he was seventeen and unarmed , and he was shot three times from point-blank range . 
 a stolen pistol was left at the scene , and the dea claims it belonged to him . 
 they 're a bunch of liars . '' 
 nathan 's face slowly contorts into anger and he looks as if he wants to spit . 
 i press on : `` the film will be the story of three , maybe four of these murders . 
 i 'm not sure if my nephew 's will be included because i 'm the filmmaker . 
 maybe i 'm too close to his death . 
 i 've already filmed the story of jose alvarez in amarillo , texas , a nineteen-year-old undocumented worker who was shot fourteen times by dea agents . 
 problem is , no one in his family speaks english and there 's not much sympathy for illegal immigrants . 
 i 've filmed the story of tyler marshak , a college boy in california who was peddling marijuana . 
 the dea broke into his dorm room like a bunch of gestapo goons and shot him dead in his bed . 
 you may have read about it . '' 
 he has not . 
 the nathan cooley i knew played video games hours a day and never looked at a newspaper or magazine . 
 nor does he have the innate curiosity to check out either skelter films or cove creek . 
 `` anyway , i have some great footage of the dorm room , the autopsy , and statements from his family , but they 're currently tied up in a lawsuit against the dea . 
 i may not be able to use this . '' 
 lunch arrives and we order more beer . 
 nathan rips chicken off the bone and wipes his mouth with a napkin . 
 `` why are you so interested in my brother 's case ? '' 
 `` let 's say i 'm curious . 
 i do n't know all the facts yet . 
 i would like to hear your version of what happened and walk through the drug bust at the scene . 
 my lawyers have filed freedom of information applications to get the dea records and also the court file . 
 we 'll plow through the paperwork , but there 's a good chance the dea has covered up everything . 
 that 's what they typically do . 
 we will slowly piece things together , and at the same time we 'll see how you and your family look on camera . 
 the camera does n't like everyone , nathan . '' 
 he says , `` i doubt if the camera likes my mother . '' 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 `` not so sure about that . 
 she probably wo n't do it . 
 you mention anything about gene 's death and she falls all to pieces . '' 
 he licks his fingers and selects another wing . 
 `` perfect . 
 that 's what i want to capture on film . '' 
 `` what 's the time frame here ? 
 what are we looking at ? '' 
 i take a bite of my sandwich and chew for a while as i ponder . 
 `` maybe a year . 
 i 'd like to finish all the filming within the next six months , then have that much time to cut , splice , edit , maybe reshoot some stuff . 
 you can tinker with these things forever and it 's hard to let go . 
 as far as you 're concerned , i would like to shoot some initial footage , maybe three or four hours , and send that to my producers and editors in miami . 
 let them see you , hear you , get a feel for the story and your ability to tell it . 
 if we all agree , then we 'll keep shooting . '' 
 `` what 's in it for me ? '' 
 `` nothing , other than the truth and exposing the men who killed your brother . 
 think about it , nathan . 
 would n't you love to see these bastards charged with murder and put on trial ? '' 
 `` damned right i would . '' 
 i lean in fiercely , my eyes on fire . 
 `` then do it , nathan . 
 tell me his story . 
 you have nothing to lose and a lot to gain . 
 tell me about the drug trade , how it wrecked your family , how gene got caught up in it , how it was simply a way of life in these parts , there were no other jobs . 
 you do n't have to name names - i do n't want to get anyone in trouble . '' 
 i take a sip and finish off my second beer . 
 `` where was gene the last time you saw him ? '' 
 `` lying on the ground , hands behind his back , getting handcuffed . 
 not a single shot had been fired by anyone . 
 the deal was gone , the bust was over . 
 i was handcuffed and led away , then i heard gunshots . 
 they said gene tripped an agent and sprinted into the woods . 
 bullshit . 
 they killed him in cold blood . '' 
 `` you got ta tell me this story , nathan . 
 you got ta take me back to the scene and reenact it . 
 the world needs to know what the federal government is doing in its war on drugs . 
 it 's taking no prisoners . '' 
 he takes a deep breath to let the moment pass . 
 i 'm talking too much , and too fast , so i spend a few minutes with my sandwich . 
 the waitress asks if we want another round . 
 `` yes , please , for me , '' i say , and nathan quickly follows . 
 he finishes off a wing , licks his fingers , and says , `` my family is causing problems right now . 
 that 's why i moved away and came to radford . '' 
 i shrug as if this is his problem , not mine , but i 'm not surprised . 
 i ask , `` if you cooperate , and the rest of your family does not , will that cause more trouble ? '' 
 he laughs and says , `` trouble is the norm with the cooleys . 
 we are notorious for feuding . '' 
 `` let 's do this . 
 let 's sign a one-page agreement , already prepared by my lawyers and in english so plain you do n't need to hire your own lawyers unless you enjoy pissing away money , and the agreement will state that you , nathan cooley , will cooperate fully in the making of this documentary film . 
 in return , you 'll be paid a fee of $ 8,000 , which is the minimum required of actors in these projects . 
 from time to time , or whenever you want , you can review the film in progress , and - and this is crucial - if you do n't like what you see , you can walk and i can not use any of your footage . 
 that 's a pretty fair deal , nathan . '' 
 he nods as he searches for loopholes , but nathan is not the type to analyze things quickly . 
 plus , the alcohol is urging him on . 
 i suspect he 's drooling over the word `` actor . '' 
 `` eight thousand dollars ? '' 
 he repeats . 
 `` yes , as i said , these are low-budget films . 
 nobody will make a lot of money . '' 
 the interesting point here is that i mentioned money before he did . 
 i sweeten the deal by adding , `` plus , you 'll get a small piece of the back end . '' 
 a piece of the back end . 
 nathan is probably thinking of something else . 
 `` that means that you 'll get a few bucks if the movie sells some tickets , but do n't expect it , '' i say . 
 `` you 're not doing this for the money , nathan . 
 you 're doing it for your brother . '' 
 the plate in front of him is littered with bones . 
 the waitress brings our third round and removes the scraps . 
 it 's important to keep him talking because i do n't want him thinking . 
 `` what kind of guy was gene ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he shakes his head and looks as if he might cry . 
 `` my big brother , you know . 
 our dad disappeared when we were small . 
 just me and gene . '' 
 he narrates a few stories about their childhood , funny stories about two kids trying to survive . 
 we finish our third beers , order another round , but vow to stop after that . 
 at ten the following morning , nathan and i meet at a coffee shop in radford . 
 he looks over the contract , asks a few questions , and signs it . 
 i sign as the vice president of skelter films and hand over a check for $ 8,000 drawn on a company bank account in miami . 
 `` when do we start ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` well , nathan , i 'm here and i 'm not leaving . 
 the sooner , the better . 
 what about tomorrow morning ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 where ? '' 
 `` i 've been thinking about that . 
 we 're in southwest virginia , where mountains are important . 
 in fact , the land here has a lot to do with the story . 
 the remoteness of the mountains and so on . 
 i think i 'd like to be outdoors , at first anyway . 
 we can always move around . 
 do you live in town or in the country ? '' 
 `` i 'm renting a place just outside town . 
 from the backyard , there 's a nice view of some hills . '' 
 `` let 's take a look . 
 i 'll be there at ten in the morning with a small crew and we 'll check out the lighting . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i talked to my mother and she says no way . '' 
 `` can i talk to her ? '' 
 `` you can try , but she 's pretty tough . 
 she does n't like the idea of you or anybody else making a movie about gene and our family . 
 she thinks you 'll make us look like a bunch of ignorant mountain folk . '' 
 `` did you explain that you have the right to monitor the film as it progresses ? '' 
 `` i tried to . 
 she was drinking . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 nathan is living in a small , redbrick house on a narrow road a few miles west of the radford city limits . 
 his nearest neighbor lives in a double-wide trailer half a mile closer to the state highway . 
 his front lawn is neatly mowed and there are a few shrubs lining the narrow front porch . 
 he 's outside playing with his yellow lab as we arrive and park in the drive behind his shiny new truck . 
 my ace crew consists of my new assistant , vanessa , who will be called gwen on this project , and two freelancers from roanoke - slade , the videographer , and his assistant , cody . 
 slade bills himself as a filmmaker and works out of his garage . 
 he owns the cameras and equipment , and he looks the part - long hair in a ponytail , jeans with holes in the knees , a couple of gold chains around his neck . 
 cody is younger and sufficiently grungy . 
 their fee is $ 1,000 a day plus expenses , and part of the deal is that they do what they 're supposed to do and stay as quiet as possible . 
 i have promised to pay them in cash and i 've made no reference to skelter films or anything else . 
 it might be a documentary film , or it might be something else . 
 just do as i say and offer no details to nathan cooley . 
 vanessa arrived in radford last night , and we bunked together in a nice hotel where we registered in her name and used a prepaid credit card . 
 she told her boss she had the flu and , under doctor 's orders , ca n't leave the house for several days . 
 she knows nothing about filmmaking , but then neither do i . 
 after a round of awkward introductions in the driveway , we check out the surroundings . 
 nathan 's backyard is a large open area that slopes up the side of a hill . 
 a herd of whitetail deer scamper over a fence when they see us . 
 i ask nathan how long it takes to cut his grass , and he says three hours . 
 he points to a tractor shed where a fancy john deere riding mower is parked . 
 it looks new . 
 he says he 's a country boy who prefers the outdoors , likes to hunt and fish and pee off the back porch . 
 plus , he still thinks of prison and life there with a thousand men surviving in close quarters . 
 no sir , he loves the open spaces . 
 while we walk and talk , slade and cody wander aimlessly about , mumbling to each other as they look at the sun and rub their chins . 
 `` i like it here , '' i say , pointing , taking charge . 
 `` i want those hills in the frame . '' 
 slade seems to disagree , but he and cody nonetheless start hauling gear from their van . 
 the setup takes forever , and to show my artistic temperament , i start barking about the time . 
 gwen has brought along a small makeup kit , and nathan reluctantly agrees to a touch-up with powder and a bit of blush . 
 i 'm sure it 's his first , but he needs to feel like an actor . 
 gwen is wearing a short skirt and a blouse that 's hardly buttoned , and part of her act is to see how easily the boy can be teased . 
 i pretend to look over my notes , but i watch nathan as he watches gwen . 
 he loves the attention and teasing . 
 when the camera , lights , monitor , and sound are almost ready , i take nathan aside , just the two of us , director and star , to contemplate my vision . 
 `` okay , nathan , i want you to be very serious . 
 think about gene , his murder at the hands of the federal government . 
 i want you to be somber , no smiles , no fun here , okay ? '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 `` speak slowly , almost painfully . 
 i 'll ask the questions , you look at the camera and just talk . 
 act naturally . 
 you 're a nice-looking guy and i think the camera will like you , but it 's important to just be yourself . '' 
 `` i 'll try , '' he says , and it 's obvious nathan is really looking forward to this . 
 `` one last thing , and i should have mentioned it yesterday . 
 if this film does what we hope , and blows the cover off the dea , then there could be some retribution , some payback . 
 i do n't trust the dea for one second - a bunch of rogue thugs - and they might do anything . 
 that 's why it 's important for you to be , shall we say , out of the business . '' 
 `` i 'm clean , man , '' he says . 
 `` you 're not dealing in any way ? '' 
 `` hell no . 
 i 'm not going back to prison , reed . 
 that 's one reason i moved over here , away from my family . 
 they 're still cooking meth and selling it , not me . '' 
 `` okay . 
 just think of gene . '' 
 cody puts the mike on him and we get situated . 
 we 're on a set , in folding chairs with lights and wiring all around us . 
 the camera is over my shoulder , and for a moment i feel like a real kick-ass investigative journalist . 
 i look at gwen and say , `` did you forget the still shots ? 
 come on , gwen ! '' 
 she jumps as i bark and grabs a camera . 
 i say , `` just a couple of stills , nathan , so we 'll have a clear record of the lighting . '' 
 he frowns at first , then smiles at gwen as she snaps away . 
 finally , after we 've been here for an hour , we start filming . 
 i hold a pen with my left hand and scribble on a legal pad . 
 malcolm bannister was right-handed , just in case nathan might be suspicious , which he does not seem to be . 
 to loosen him up , i start with all the basics : name , age , employment , education , prison , criminal record , children , no marriages , and so on . 
 a couple of times i tell him to relax , repeat something , we 're just having a conversation . 
 his childhood - different homes , schools , life with his big brother , gene , no father , a rocky relationship with his mother . 
 at this point , he says , `` look , reed , i 'm not going to say bad things about my mother , okay ? '' 
 `` of course not , nathan . 
 that 's not at all what i intended . '' 
 and i quickly change the subject . 
 we get around to the meth culture of his youth . 
 with some hesitation , he finally opens up and paints a depressing picture of a rough adolescence filled with drugs , booze , sex , and violence . 
 by the time he was fifteen , he knew how to cook meth . 
 two of his cousins were burned alive when a lab blew up in a mobile home . 
 he was sixteen when he first saw the inside of a jail cell . 
 he dropped out of school and life got crazier . 
 at least four of his cousins have served time for drug distribution ; two are still locked away . 
 as bad as prison was , it did get him away from the drugs and alcohol . 
 he was sober for the five years he was incarcerated and is now determined to stay away from the meth . 
 beer is another matter . 
 we break at noon . 
 the sun is overhead , and slade is concerned about the brightness of the conditions . 
 he and cody stroll around , looking for another spot . 
 `` how long can you go today , nathan ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 'm the boss , '' he says smugly . 
 `` i can go in whenever i want . '' 
 `` great . 
 so a couple more hours ? '' 
 `` why not ? 
 how am i doing ? '' 
 `` terrific . 
 it took you a few minutes to settle down , but now you 're very smooth , very sincere . '' 
 gwen adds , `` you 're a natural storyteller , nathan . '' 
 he likes this . 
 she 's back with the makeup routine , wiping perspiration from his forehead , brushing , touching , flirting , revealing . 
 he craves the attention . 
 we brought sandwiches and soft drinks and eat under the shade of an oak tree next to the toolshed . 
 slade likes this spot and we decide to move the set . 
 gwen whispers to nathan about using the restroom . 
 this makes him uncomfortable , but by now he can hardly keep his eyes off her legs . 
 i walk away and pretend to be on the cell phone , talking to important people in los angeles . 
 gwen disappears into the back door of the house . 
 she will later report that the house has two bedrooms but only one with furniture , nothing in the den but a sofa , a chair , and a huge hd television , one bathroom in need of a good scrubbing , a kitchen with a sink full of dirty dishes and a refrigerator filled with beer and cold cuts . 
 there is an attic with a fold-down staircase . 
 the floors are covered with cheap carpeting . 
 there are three doors - front , back , and garage - and all three are secured with thick dead bolts that have obviously been added recently . 
 there appears to be no alarm system - no keypads or sensors over the windows and doors . 
 in his bedroom closet , there are two rifles and two shotguns . 
 in the closet in the spare bedroom , there is nothing but a pair of muddy hunting boots . 
 while she is inside , i continue my fake phone chat while i watch nathan from behind large sunglasses . 
 he keeps his eyes on the back of his house , nervous that she is inside , alone . 
 slade and cody are getting the set rewired . 
 when she returns , nathan relaxes and apologizes for his sloppy housekeeping . 
 she coos and works on his hair . 
 when everything is in place , we plunge into the afternoon session . 
 he mentions a motorcycle accident when he was fourteen , and i dissect this for half an hour . 
 we delve into his sketchy employment history - bosses , co-workers , duties , wages , dismissals . 
 back to the drug trade with details about how to cook meth , who taught him , key ingredients , and so on . 
 romances , girlfriends ? 
 he claims to have impregnated a young cousin when he was twenty , but has no idea what happened to the mother or child . 
 he had a serious girl before he went to prison , but she forgot about him . 
 judging by the way he looks at gwen , it 's obvious this boy is wired . 
 he 's thirty years old , and other than the death of his brother and a prison sentence his life has been unremarkable . 
 after three hours of prodding and poking , i extract anything and everything of interest . 
 he says he needs to get to work . 
 `` we have to visit the place where gene was killed , '' i say as slade turns off the camera and everybody relaxes . 
 `` it 's outside of bluefield , about an hour from here , '' he says . 
 `` bluefield , west virginia ? '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 `` and why were you there ? '' 
 `` we were making a delivery , but the buyer was an informant . '' 
 `` i have to see this , nathan , to walk through it all , to recapture the scene , the violence , the moment , the place where gene was shot and killed . 
 it was at night , right ? '' 
 `` yeah , long after midnight . '' 
 gwen is tapping his face with a cloth , removing the makeup . 
 `` you 're really good on camera , '' she says softly , and he smiles . 
 `` when can we go there ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he shrugs and says , `` whenever . 
 tomorrow if you want . '' 
 perfect . 
 we agree to meet at his house at 9:00 a.m. and caravan through the mountains into west virginia , to the remote , abandoned mine site where the cooley brothers walked into a trap . 
 at nine the following morning we return to nathan 's house , and once again he 's in the front yard playing with his dog , waiting . 
 i am assuming he meets us outside because he does n't want us inside . 
 i explain that my little audi is in bad need of service , and it might be best if we could ride over in his pickup . 
 an hour each way will give us two hours alone with nathan and no distractions . 
 he shrugs and says okay , whatever , and away we go , with slade and cody following in their van . 
 i 'm in the front seat ; gwen is folded into the backseat of the club cab . 
 she 's wearing jeans today because nathan could n't keep his eyes off her legs yesterday . 
 she will be a bit more aloof , just to keep him guessing . 
 as we head west toward the mountains , i admire the interior of the truck and explain that i 've never spent much time in such vehicles . 
 the seats are leather , there is an advanced gps system , and so on . 
 nathan is really proud of the truck and chatters on about it . 
 to change the subject , i bring up his mother and claim to really want to meet her . 
 nathan says , `` look , reed , you 're welcome to try , but she does n't like what we 're doing . 
 i talked to her last night again , and i explained the whole project , and how important it is , and how much you need her , but i got nowhere . '' 
 `` ca n't we at least talk , say hello , you know ? '' 
 i almost turn and smile at gwen now that we know nathan deems the project `` important . '' 
 `` i doubt it . 
 she 's a tough woman , reed . 
 drinks a lot , nasty temper . 
 we 're not on good terms right now . '' 
 being the pushy investigative journalist , i decide to plow into sensitive matters . 
 `` is it because you 've gotten away from the family business , that you 're making money with your bar ? '' 
 `` that 's kind of personal , is n't it ? '' 
 gwen scolds from the rear . 
 nathan takes a deep breath and glances out the side window . 
 he grips the wheel with both hands and says , `` it 's a long story , but mom has always blamed me for gene 's death , which is crazy . 
 he was the big brother , the leader of the gang , the head chef in the meth lab , plus he was an addict . 
 i was not . 
 i used the stuff occasionally , but i never got hooked . 
 gene , he was out of control . 
 this place we 're going to was a run gene made once a week . 
 occasionally , i tagged along . 
 i should n't have been there the night we got busted . 
 we had a guy , i wo n't use any names , but he was running meth for us on the west side of bluefield . 
 we did n't know it , but he got busted , flipped , told the dea when and where . 
 we walked into a trap , and i swear i could do nothing to help gene . 
 as i 've told you , we surrendered and they were taking us in . 
 i heard gunshots , and gene was dead . 
 i 've explained this to my mother a hundred times , but she wo n't hear it . 
 gene was her favorite and his death is all my fault . '' 
 `` terrible , '' i mumble . 
 `` did she visit you in prison ? '' 
 gwen asks sweetly from behind . 
 another long pause . 
 `` twice . '' 
 nothing is said for at least three miles . 
 we 're on the interstate now , headed southwest , listening to kenny chesney . 
 nathan clears his throat and says , `` to tell you the truth , i 'm trying to get away from my family . 
 my mom , my cousins , a bunch of deadbeat nephews . 
 word 's out that i own a nice bar and i 'm doing okay , so it wo n't be long before these clowns start begging for money . 
 i need to get farther away . '' 
 `` where would you go ? '' 
 i ask with great sympathy . 
 `` not far . 
 i love the mountains , the hiking and fishing . 
 i 'm a hillbilly , reed , and that 'll never change . 
 boone , north carolina , is a nice place . 
 somewhere like that . 
 someplace where there are no cooleys in the phone book . '' 
 he laughs at this , a sad little chuckle . 
 a few minutes later he rocks us with : `` you know , i had a buddy in prison kinda reminds me of you . 
 malcolm bannister was his name , great guy , black dude from winchester , virginia . 
 a lawyer who always said the feds got him for no reason . '' 
 i listen and nod along as if this is of no consequence whatsoever . 
 i can almost feel gwen seize up in the rear seat . 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 i manage to ask . 
 my mouth has never been drier . 
 `` i think mal 's still in prison . 
 couple more years , maybe . 
 i 've lost track . 
 it 's something , something in the voice , maybe the mannerisms , something , ca n't quite put my finger on it , but you remind me of mal . '' 
 `` it 's a big world , nathan , '' i say , in a deeper voice , thoroughly unconcerned . 
 `` and remember , to white folks we all look the same . '' 
 he laughs and gwen manages an awkward laugh too . 
 while i was mending at fort carson , i worked with an expert who videoed me for hours and made a list of habits and mannerisms i had to change . 
 i practiced for hours , but once i landed in florida , i stopped practicing . 
 natural moves and habits are hard to break . 
 my mind is frozen and i ca n't think of anything to say . 
 gwen comes through with : `` nathan , you mentioned some nephews a few minutes ago . 
 how long will this go on , do you think ? 
 i mean , it looks like the meth business is becoming generational for a lot of families . '' 
 nathan frowns and considers this . 
 `` i 'd say it 's pretty hopeless . 
 there are no jobs except for coal , and so many young men just do n't want to work in the mines anymore . 
 plus , they start getting high when they 're fifteen , hooked at sixteen . 
 the girls are pregnant at sixteen , kids having kids , babies nobody wants . 
 once you start screwing , you do n't stop . 
 i do n't see much future around here , not for people like me . '' 
 i 'm listening but not hearing ; my head is spinning as i wonder how much nathan knows . 
 how suspicious is he ? 
 what have i done to tip him off ? 
 i 'm still undercover - i 'm sure of it - but what 's he thinking ? 
 bluefield , west virginia , is a town of eleven thousand located on the extreme southern tip of the state , not far from the virginia line . 
 we skirt around it on highway 52 and are soon on winding roads that fall and rise dramatically . 
 nathan knows the area well , though it 's been years since he was here . 
 we turn onto a county road and fall deeper into a valley . 
 the asphalt ends and we zigzag along gravel and dirt roads until we stop at the edge of a creek . 
 old willow oaks hang overhead and block the sun . 
 the weeds are knee-high . 
 `` here we are , '' he says as he turns off the ignition . 
 we get out and i tell slade and cody to get their gear . 
 we will not be using lighting and i want the smaller , handheld camera . 
 they scramble around , grabbing equipment . 
 nathan walks to the edge of the creek and smiles at the bubbling water . 
 `` how often did you come here ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` not much . 
 we had several drop points around bluefield , but this was the main one . 
 gene had been making runs here for ten years , but not me . 
 the truth was i did n't work in the business as much as he wanted me to . 
 i could see trouble . 
 i tried to find other jobs , you know . 
 i wanted out . 
 gene wanted me to get more involved . '' 
 `` where were you parked ? '' 
 he turns and points , and i decide to move his truck and slade 's van to keep them out of the frame . 
 relying on my vast directorial skills , i want to shoot an action piece with nathan approaching the scene on foot and the camera right behind him . 
 we practice this for a few minutes , then begin rolling . 
 nathan is doing the narrative . 
 `` louder , nathan . 
 you got ta be louder , '' i bark from the side . 
 nathan is walking toward the scene and talking : `` it was about two in the morning when we arrived here , me and gene . 
 we were in his truck , i was driving . 
 as we pulled up , right about here , we could see the other vehicle over there , backed into those trees , where it should have been . '' 
 he keeps walking and pointing . 
 `` everything appeared normal . 
 we parked near the other vehicle , and our man , let 's call him joe , so joe gets out and says hello . 
 we say hello and walk to the back of gene 's truck . 
 in a locked toolbox , there are about ten pounds of meth , good stuff , most of it cooked by gene himself , and under a sheet of plywood there is a small cooler , also with about ten pounds . 
 total drop was roughly twenty pounds , with a wholesale value close to $ 200,000 . 
 we got the stuff out of the truck and moved it into the trunk of joe 's car , and as soon as he slammed the trunk , all hell broke loose . 
 there must 've been a dozen dea agents all over us . 
 i do n't know where they all came from , but they were quick . 
 joe disappeared , never to be seen again . 
 they dragged gene over by his truck . 
 he was cussing joe and making all sorts of threats . 
 me , i was just so damned scared i could hardly breathe . 
 they had us , dead guilty , and i knew i was headed to prison . 
 they handcuffed me , went through my wallet , my pockets , and then led me down the trail over there . 
 as i was walking away , i looked over my shoulder and i could barely see gene on the ground , with both hands behind his back . 
 he was angry and still cussing . 
 a few seconds later , i heard gunshots , and then i heard gene scream when he got hit . '' 
 loudly , i say , `` cut , '' and walk around in circles for a moment . 
 `` let 's do it again , '' i say , and we go back to the starting point . 
 after the third take , i 'm satisfied and seize upon the next idea . 
 i ask nathan to stand on the spot where gene was lying the last time he saw him . 
 we place a folding chair there and nathan sits down . 
 when the camera is rolling , i ask , `` now , nathan , what was your initial reaction when you heard gunfire ? '' 
 `` i could n't believe it . 
 they threw gene down , on the ground , and there were at least four dea agents standing above him . 
 his hands were already behind his back , not yet handcuffed . 
 he had no weapon . 
 there was a shotgun and two 9-millimeters in the truck , but we had not removed them . 
 i do n't care what the dea said later , gene was unarmed . '' 
 `` but when you heard the gunshots ? '' 
 `` i stopped in my tracks and yelled something like , ` what is that ? 
 what 's happening ? ' 
 i yelled for gene , but the agents shoved me forward , down the trail . 
 i could n't look back - i was too far away . 
 at one point , i said , ' i wan na see my brother , ' but they just laughed and kept pushing me into the darkness . 
 we finally got to a van and they shoved me inside . 
 they drove me to the jail in bluefield , and the whole time i 'm asking about my brother . 
 ` what happened to my brother ? 
 where is gene ? 
 what have you done with gene ? ' '' 
 `` let 's cut for a minute , '' i say to slade . 
 i look at nathan . 
 `` it 's okay to show some emotion here , nathan . 
 think of the people watching this film . 
 what do you want them to feel as they listen to this awful story ? 
 anger ? 
 bitterness ? 
 sadness ? 
 it 's up to you to convey these feelings , so let 's try it again , but this time with some emotion . 
 can you do it ? '' 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 `` roll it , slade . 
 now , nathan , how did you first learn that your brother was dead ? '' 
 `` the next morning at the jail , a deputy came in with some paperwork . 
 i asked him about gene , and he said , ` your brother 's dead . 
 tried to run from the dea , and they shot him down . ' 
 just like that . 
 no sympathy , no concern , nothing . '' 
 nathan pauses and swallows hard . 
 his lips begin to quiver and his eyes are moist . 
 behind the camera , i give him a thumbs-up . 
 he continues : `` i did n't know what to say . 
 i was in shock . 
 gene did n't try to run . 
 gene was murdered . '' 
 he wipes a tear with the back of his hand . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he says softly , and the kid is really in pain . 
 there 's no acting here , just real emotion . 
 `` cut , '' i say , and we take a break . 
 gwen rushes in with a brush and some tissue . 
 `` beautiful , just beautiful , '' she says . 
 nathan stands and walks to the creek , lost in his thoughts . 
 i tell slade to start rolling again . 
 we spend three hours at the site , shooting and reshooting scenes that i create on the fly , and by 1:00 p.m. we 're hungry and tired . 
 we find a fast-food place in bluefield and choke down burgers and fries . 
 riding back to radford , the three of us are silent until i tell gwen to call tad carsloff , one of my partners in miami . 
 carsloff 's name was mentioned by the crs secretary when nathan called our home office number two days earlier . 
 feigning a real conversation , gwen says , `` hello , tad , it 's gwen . 
 great . 
 you ? 
 yeah , well , we 're riding back to radford with nathan . 
 we spent the morning at the site where his brother was murdered , pretty powerful stuff . 
 nathan did a fantastic job of narration . 
 he does n't need the script , it just comes natural . '' 
 i sneak a look at nathan behind the wheel . 
 he can not suppress a smug little smile . 
 gwen continues with her one-way dialogue . 
 `` his mother ? '' 
 a pause . 
 `` she has n't budged yet . 
 nathan says she wants no part of the film and does n't approve . 
 reed wants to try again tomorrow . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` he 's thinking of going to their hometown , to film the grave site , talk to old friends , maybe some guys he worked with , you know , that sort of thing . '' 
 a pause as she listens intently to nothing . 
 `` yes , things could n't be better here . 
 reed is thrilled with the first two days and nathan is just wonderful to work with . 
 really powerful stuff . 
 reed says he 'll call later this afternoon . 
 ciao . '' 
 we ride in silence for a mile or two as nathan soaks up the praise . 
 finally , he says , `` so we 're going to willow gap tomorrow ? '' 
 `` yes , but you do n't have to go if you do n't want to , '' i say . 
 `` i figure after two days you 've had enough of this . '' 
 `` so you 're finished with me ? '' 
 he asks sadly . 
 `` oh no . 
 after tomorrow , i 'm going home to miami and i 'll spend a few days looking at footage . 
 we 'll begin the editing , trying to whittle things down . 
 then , in a couple of weeks , whenever you can work us in , we 'll be back for another round of shooting . '' 
 `` have you told nathan about tad 's idea ? '' 
 gwen says from the backseat . 
 `` no , not yet . '' 
 `` i think it 's brilliant , '' she says . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 nathan asks . 
 `` tad is the best editor in the company , and we collaborate on everything . 
 because this film involves three or four different families , different murders , he has suggested we bring you guys together , same place , same time , and just let the cameras run . 
 put you all in a room , in a very comfortable setting , and let the conversation begin . 
 no script , no direction , just the facts , as brutal as they are . 
 as i 've told you , we have researched half a dozen cases , and they are all remarkably similar . 
 we 'll pick the best three or four - '' `` yours is definitely the best , '' gwen interjects . 
 `` and let you , the victims , compare stories . 
 tad thinks this could be beyond powerful . '' 
 `` he 's right , '' gwen chirps . 
 `` i would love to see it . '' 
 `` i tend to agree , '' i say . 
 `` where would we meet ? '' 
 nathan says , practically on board . 
 `` we 're not that far along , but probably miami . '' 
 `` have you been to south beach , nathan ? '' 
 gwen asks . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` oh , boy . 
 for a single guy , thirty years old , you will not want to leave . 
 the partying is nonstop and the girls are ... how would you describe them , reed ? '' 
 `` have n't noticed , '' i say , on script . 
 `` right . 
 let 's just say they are beautiful and hot . '' 
 `` this is not about partying , '' i say , scolding my assistant . 
 `` we could also do it in the d.c. area , which would probably be more convenient to the families . '' 
 nathan says nothing , but i know he 's voting for south beach . 
 vanessa and i spend the afternoon in a hotel room in pulaski , virginia , a half hour southwest of radford . 
 we go over my notes from fort carson and try anxiously to figure out what made nathan suspicious . 
 to hear him utter the name malcolm bannister was chilling enough ; now we need to understand why . 
 malcolm pinched his nose when he was thinking . 
 he tapped his fingers together when he listened . 
 he cocked his head slightly to the right when he was amused . 
 he dipped his chin when he was skeptical . 
 he stuck his right index finger into his right temple when he was bored with a conversation . 
 `` just keep your hands still and away from your face , '' vanessa advises . 
 `` and speak lower . '' 
 `` was my voice too high ? '' 
 `` it tends to go back to normal when you 're talking a lot . 
 stay quieter . 
 not as many words . '' 
 nathan insists on going with us to his hometown of willow gap , so for the second morning we work our way through the mountains as he drives and gwen gushes about the reactions in miami . 
 she says to nathan that tad carsloff and other important people down there in the home office watched all of our footage last night and are beyond thrilled . 
 they simply love nathan on camera and are convinced he is the turning point in the production of our documentary . 
 more important , one of our major investors is visiting miami and happened to watch the tape from virginia . 
 the guy is so impressed with nathan and the entire film so far that he is willing to double down on his money . 
 the guy 's worth a bundle and thinks the movie should run at least ninety minutes . 
 it could lead to indictments within the dea . 
 it could explode into a scandal like washington has never seen . 
 as i listen to this chatter , i am on the phone , presumably speaking with the home office , but there 's no one on the other end . 
 i grunt occasionally and say something profound , but mainly i 'm just listening and brooding and acting as though the creative process can be burdensome . 
 sometimes i glance at nathan . 
 the boy is all in . 
 over breakfast , gwen stressed again that i should say as little as possible , speak deeply and slowly , and keep my hands away from my face . 
 i 'm happy to let her do the talking , something she 's quite good at . 
 gene cooley is buried behind an abandoned country church in a small , weedy cemetery with about a hundred graves . 
 i tell slade and cody i want several shots of the grave and its surroundings , then i step away for another important phone call . 
 nathan , now quite the actor and full of himself , suggests that he kneel beside the grave while the camera rolls , and gwen loves the idea . 
 i nod from a distance with the cell phone stuck to my jaw , whispering to no one . 
 nathan even manages to work up a few more tears , and slade zooms in for a close-up . 
 for the record , willow gap has five hundred people , but you 'll never find them . 
 downtown proper is an overgrown alley with four crumbling buildings and a country store with a post office attached to it . 
 a few folks are moving about , and nathan becomes nervous . 
 he knows these people , and he does not want to be seen with a camera crew . 
 he explains that most of the residents , including his family and friends , live out from town , off the narrow country lanes and deep in the valleys . 
 they are suspicious people by nature , and i now understand why he wanted to accompany us . 
 there is no school he and gene attended ; the kids from willow gap are bused an hour away . 
 `` made it easy to quit , '' nathan says , almost to himself . 
 he reluctantly shows us a tiny , empty four-room cottage where he and gene lived once , for about a year . 
 `` it was the last place i remember living with my father , '' he says . 
 `` i was about six , i guess , so gene was about ten . '' 
 i cajole him into sitting on the broken front steps and talking , to the camera , about all the places he and gene lived . 
 for the moment , he forgets about the glamour of acting and becomes sullen . 
 i ask him about his father , but he wants no part of that conversation . 
 he gets angry and barks at me , and suddenly he 's acting again . 
 a few minutes later , gwen , very much on his side now and wary of me , tells him he 's superb . 
 as we loiter around the front of the shack , i pace as if lost in a deep creative funk . 
 i finally ask where his mother is living now . 
 he points and says , `` about ten minutes down that road , but we are not going there , okay ? '' 
 i reluctantly agree and step away to chat on the phone again . 
 after two hours in and around willow gap , we 've seen enough . 
 i make it known i 'm not too pleased with what we 've shot , and i become irritable . 
 gwen whispers to nathan , `` he 'll get over it . '' 
 `` where was gene 's meth lab ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it 's gone , '' he answers . 
 `` blew up not long after he died . '' 
 `` that 's just great , '' i mumble . 
 we finally load up everything and leave the area . 
 for the second day in a row , lunch is a burger and fries just off an interstate exit . 
 when we 're on the road again , i finish another imaginary phone call and stick the phone in my pocket . 
 i turn so i can see gwen , and it 's obvious i have big news . 
 `` okay , here 's where we are . 
 tad has been talking nonstop to the alvarez family in texas and the marshak family in california . 
 i mentioned these two cases to you , nathan , if you 'll recall . 
 the alvarez boy was shot fourteen times by dea agents . 
 the marshak kid was asleep in his college dorm room when they broke in and shot him before he woke up . 
 remember ? '' 
 nathan is nodding as he drives . 
 `` they 've found a cousin in the alvarez family with good english and he 's willing to talk . 
 mr. marshak has sued the dea and his lawyers have told him to keep quiet , but he 's really pissed and wants to go public . 
 both can be in miami this weekend , at our expense , of course . 
 both have jobs , though , so the filming has to be done on a saturday . 
 two questions , nathan : first , do you want to go and do this ? 
 and second , can you go on such short notice ? '' 
 `` have you told him about the dea files ? '' 
 gwen asks before he can answer . 
 `` not yet . 
 i just found out this morning . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 nathan asks . 
 `` i think i told you our lawyers have filed the necessary paperwork to obtain copies of the dea files on certain cases , including gene 's . 
 yesterday , a federal judge in washington ruled in our favor , sort of . 
 we can see the files , but we can not actually have possession of them . 
 so the dea in d.c. is sending the files to the dea office in miami , and we will have access to the materials . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 gwen asks . 
 `` as early as monday . '' 
 `` do you want to see gene 's file , nathan ? '' 
 gwen asks cautiously , protectively . 
 he does n't answer quickly , so i chime in : `` we wo n't be shown everything , but there will be a lot of photos - crime scene stuff and statements from all of the agents , probably a statement from the informant who set you guys up . 
 there will be ballistics reports , the autopsy , photos of that . 
 it could be fascinating . '' 
 nathan clenches his jaws and says , `` i 'd like to see it . '' 
 `` so you 're in ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what 's the downside ? '' 
 he asks , and this question gets a lot of consideration for the next few minutes . 
 finally , i reply , `` downside ? 
 if you are still dealing , then the dea would come after you with a vengeance . 
 we 've had this discussion . '' 
 `` i 'm not dealing . 
 i told you that . '' 
 `` then there 's no downside . 
 you 're doing it for gene and for all of the dea 's murder victims . 
 you 're doing it for justice . '' 
 `` and you 're gon na love south beach , '' gwen adds . 
 i close the deal by saying , `` we can leave tomorrow afternoon out of roanoke , fly straight to miami , do the shoot on saturday , play on sunday , see the dea file on monday morning , and you 're home that night . '' 
 gwen says , `` i thought nicky had the jet in vancouver . '' 
 i reply , `` he does , but it 'll be here tomorrow afternoon . '' 
 `` you have a jet ? '' 
 nathan asks , and he looks at me in pure amazement . 
 this is amusing to gwen and me . 
 i laugh and say , `` not mine , personally , but our company leases one . 
 we travel an awful lot and sometimes it 's the only way to get things done . '' 
 `` i ca n't leave tomorrow , '' gwen says , looking at her schedule on her iphone . 
 `` i 'll be in d.c. , but i 'll just fly down saturday . 
 i 'm not gon na miss the three families in the same room at the same time . 
 incredible . '' 
 `` what about your bar ? '' 
 i ask nathan . 
 `` i own the place , '' he says smugly . 
 `` and i got a pretty good manager . 
 plus , i 'd like to get outta town for a few days . 
 the bar is ten , twelve hours a day , six days a week . '' 
 `` and your parole officer ? '' 
 `` i 'm free to travel . 
 i just have to notify him , that 's all . '' 
 `` this is exciting , '' gwen says , almost squealing with delight . 
 nathan is smiling like a kid at christmas . 
 me , i 'm all business as usual . 
 `` look , nathan , i need to nail this down right now . 
 if we 're going , then say so . 
 i have to call nicky and line up the jet , and i have to call tad so he can arrange flights for the other families . 
 yes or no ? '' 
 without hesitation , nathan says , `` yep . 
 let 's go . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 gwen asks , `` which hotel would nathan like , reed ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 they 're all good . 
 your call . '' 
 i tap keys on my phone and begin another unilateral conversation . 
 `` you want to be right on the beach , nathan , or one block off ? '' 
 `` where are the girls ? '' 
 he asks and laughs at his own incredible humor . 
 `` okay , on the beach it is . '' 
 by the time we return to radford , nathan cooley thinks he 's booked into one of the coolest hotels in the world , on one of the hippest beaches , and he 'll arrive there by private jet , which will only be fitting for such a serious actor . 
 vanessa leaves in a mad dash for reston , virginia , d.c. suburbs , some four hours away . 
 her first destination is a nameless organization renting space in a run-down strip mall . 
 it 's the workshop of a group of talented forgers who can create virtually any document on the spot . 
 they specialize in fake passports , but for the right price they can produce college diplomas , birth certificates , marriage licenses , court orders , car titles , eviction notices , driver 's licenses , credit histories - there 's no limit to their mischief . 
 some of what they do is illegal and some is not . 
 they brazenly advertise on the internet , along with an astonishing number of competitors , but claim to be careful about whom they work for . 
 i found them several weeks ago after an exhaustive search , and to validate their reliability , i sent a $ 500 check drawn on skelter films for a fake passport . 
 it arrived in florida a week later , and i was floored at its seeming authenticity . 
 according to the guy on the phone , a real expert , there was an eighty-twenty chance the fake passport would clear customs in the event i tried to leave the country . 
 there was a 90 percent chance i would be able to enter any country in the caribbean . 
 problems will arise , though , if i try to reenter the united states . 
 i explained that this will not happen , not with my new fake passport . 
 he explained that nowadays , in the age of terror , the u.s. customs service is much more concerned with who 's on the no fly list than who 's fudging with phony papers . 
 because it 's a rush job , vanessa forks over $ 1,000 in cash , and they get down to business . 
 her forger is a nervous geek with an odd name that he reluctantly divulged . 
 like his colleagues , he works in a cramped , fortified cubicle with no one else in sight . 
 the atmosphere is suspicious , as though everyone there is violating some law and half expecting a swat team any minute . 
 they do n't like drop-ins . 
 they prefer the shield of the internet so no one sees their shady business . 
 vanessa hands over the memory card from her camera , and on a twenty-inch screen they look at the shots of a smiling nathan cooley . 
 they select one for the passport and driver 's license , and go through his data - address , date of birth , and so on . 
 vanessa says she wants the new documents in the name of nathaniel coley , not cooley . 
 whatever , the geek says . 
 he could not care less . 
 he is soon lost in a flurry of high-speed imaging . 
 it takes him an hour to produce an american passport and a virginia driver 's license that would fool anyone . 
 the passport 's blue vinyl binding is sufficiently worn , and our boy nathan , who 's never traveled far , has now seen all of europe and most of asia . 
 the airplane is a challenger 604 , one of the finer private jets available for charter . 
 its cabin seats eight comfortably and allows those under six feet two to move around without scraping the ceiling . 
 a new one costs something like $ 30 million , according to the data and specs online , but i 'm not in the market . 
 i only need a quick rental , at $ 5,000 an hour . 
 the charter service is out of raleigh , and it has been paid in full with a skelter films check drawn on the bank in miami . 
 we 're set for a 5:00 p.m. friday departure out of roanoke , just two passengers - nathan and me . 
 i spend most of friday morning trying to convince the charter service that i will e-mail copies of our passports as soon as i can locate mine . 
 my story is that i have temporarily misplaced it and i 'm turning my apartment upside down . 
 for trips outside the country , a private charter service must submit its passengers ' names and copies of their passports several hours before departure . 
 the u.s. customs service checks this information against its no fly list . 
 i know that neither malcolm bannister nor max reed baldwin is on the list , but i do n't know what might happen when customs receives a copy of nathaniel coley 's fake passport . 
 so i stall , hoping and believing that the less time customs has with both passports , the luckier i might get . 
 finally , i inform the charter service that i 've found mine , and i kill another hour before e-mailing it and nathaniel 's to the office in raleigh . 
 i have no idea what customs will do when it receives the copy of my passport . 
 quite possibly , my name will trigger an alert and the fbi will be notified . 
 if this happens , it will be , to my knowledge , the first trace of me since i left florida sixteen days ago . 
 i tell myself this is no big deal because i 'm neither a suspect nor a fugitive . 
 i 'm a free man who can travel anywhere without restrictions , right ? 
 but why does this scenario bother me ? 
 because i do n't trust the fbi . 
 i drive vanessa to the roanoke regional airport , where she catches a flight to miami , through atlanta . 
 after i drop her off , i drive around until i find the small terminal for private aircraft . 
 i have hours to kill , so i find a parking place and hide my little audi between two pickup trucks . 
 i call nathan at his bar and deliver the bad news that our flight has been delayed . 
 according to `` our pilots , '' there is a bug in a warning light . 
 no big deal , but `` our technicians '' are hard at work and we should take off around 7:00 p.m. . 
 the charter service e-mailed me a copy of our itinerary , and the challenger is scheduled to be `` repositioned '' in roanoke at 3:00 p.m. on the dot , it lands and taxis to the terminal . 
 the adventure at hand makes me both nervous and excited . 
 i wait half an hour before calling the charter service in raleigh to explain that i will be delayed , until approximately 7:00 p.m. . 
 the hours pass and i fight boredom . 
 at 6:00 p.m. , i stroll into the terminal , ask around , and meet one of the pilots , devin . 
 i turn on the charm and chat up devin as if we 're old pals . 
 i explain that my co-passenger , nathan , is the subject of one of my films and we 're headed off for a few days of beach fun . 
 i do n't know the kid that well . 
 devin asks for my passport , and i hand it over . 
 without being obvious , he checks my face with my photo , and all is well . 
 i ask to take a look at the airplane . 
 will , the other pilot , is in the cockpit reading a newspaper as i step onto a private jet for the first time in my life . 
 i shake his hand like a politician and comment on the stunning display of screens , switches , instruments , dials , meters , and so on . 
 devin shows me around . 
 behind the cockpit is the small kitchen , or galley , complete with microwave , a sink with hot and cold water , full bar , drawers filled with china and flatware , and a large ice bin where the beer is just waiting . 
 i specifically asked for two brands , one with alcohol and one without . 
 behind one door is a collection of snacks in case we get hungry . 
 dinner will not be served , because i do not want a flight attendant on board . 
 the people at the charter service insisted that the aircraft 's owner required the use of a flight attendant , at which time i threatened to cancel . 
 they backed down , so it will be just nathan and me on the trip south . 
 the cabin is furnished with six large leather chairs and a small sofa . 
 the decor is soft earth tones and very tasteful . 
 the carpet is plush and spotless . 
 there are at least three screens for movies and , as devin goes on proudly , a surround sound system . 
 we move from the cabin to the restroom , then the cargo hold . 
 i 'm traveling light and devin takes my carry-on bag . 
 i hesitate as if i 've forgotten something . 
 `` i have a couple of dvds in my bag and i might need them , '' i explain . 
 `` can i get to it during the flight ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 no problem . 
 the cargo hold is pressurized too , so you have access , '' devin says . 
 `` great . '' 
 i spend half an hour examining the airplane , then begin looking at my watch as if i 'm irritated at nathan and his tardiness . 
 `` this kid 's from the mountains , '' i explain to devin as we sit in the cabin . 
 `` doubt if he 's ever been on a plane before . 
 he 's kinda rough around the edges . '' 
 `` what kind of movie ya 'll doing ? '' 
 devin asks . 
 `` documentary . 
 the meth business in appalachia . '' 
 devin and i return to the terminal and continue waiting . 
 i 've forgotten something in my car , and i leave the building . 
 minutes later , i see nathan 's new pickup truck roll into the lot . 
 he parks quickly , then hops out , eager . 
 he 's wearing cutoff denim shorts , a pair of white nike running shoes , no socks , a flat-billed trucker 's cap , and , best of all , a pink-and-orange floral-print hawaiian shirt with at least the top two buttons unfastened . 
 he grabs a stuffed adidas gym bag from the back of his truck and bounds toward the terminal . 
 i intercept him and we shake hands . 
 i 'm holding some papers . 
 `` sorry about the delay , '' i say , `` but the airplane is here and ready to go . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 his eyes are watery and i catch a whiff of stale beer . 
 wonderful ! 
 i lead him inside and to the front desk where devin is flirting with the receptionist . 
 i walk nathan to the windows and point to the challenger . 
 `` that 's ours , '' i say proudly . 
 `` at least for this weekend . '' 
 he gawks at the aircraft as devin walks over . 
 i quickly slip him nathan 's fake passport . 
 he glances at the photo , then at nathan , who at that moment turns from the window . 
 i introduce him to devin , who hands me the passport and says , `` welcome aboard . '' 
 `` are we ready to go ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` follow me , '' devin says , and as we leave the terminal , i say , `` off to the beach . '' 
 on board , devin takes the adidas gym bag and stores it in cargo while nathan falls into one of the leather chairs and admires his surroundings . 
 i 'm in the galley , preparing the first round of beers - the real thing for nathan , one with no alcohol for me . 
 when they 're poured into ice-cold mugs , you ca n't tell the difference . 
 i banter with devin as he goes through the emergency procedures , nervous that he might mention our destination . 
 he does not , and when he retires to the cockpit and straps himself in , i take a deep breath . 
 he and will give me the thumbs-up and start the engines . 
 `` cheers , '' i say to nathan , and we tap glasses and take a gulp . 
 i unfold a mahogany table between us . 
 as the jet begins to taxi , i say , `` you like tequila ? '' 
 `` hell yeah , '' he replies , already the party animal . 
 i jump up , walk into the galley , fetch a fifth of cuervo gold and two shot glasses , and place them hard on the table . 
 i pour two shots and we kill them , following them up with more beer . 
 i have a buzz by the time we take off . 
 when the seat belt sign is turned off , i pour another round of beer and we do more shots . 
 shots and beer , shots and beer . 
 i fill in the conversation gaps with drivel about the film and how excited our financial partners are at the moment . 
 this soon bores nathan , so i tell him we have a late dinner lined up , and one of the young ladies there is a friend of a friend who could be the hottest chick on south beach . 
 she 's seen a portion of our footage and wants to meet nathan . 
 `` did you bring any long pants ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i assume the adidas bag is filled with clothing about as tasteful as what i 'm looking at . 
 `` oh yeah , got all kinds of stuff , '' he says , his tongue getting thicker by the moment . 
 when the cuervo gold is half gone , i look at the navigational map on display and say , `` only an hour to miami . 
 drink up . '' 
 we knock back another shot each , then i drain my glass of unleaded . 
 i weigh at least thirty pounds more than nathan , half my drinks have no alcohol , and my vision is blurred as we pass over savannah at thirty-eight thousand feet . 
 he 's getting bombed . 
 i keep pouring , and he shows no signs of slacking off . 
 as we pass high over my old stomping ground at neptune beach , i fix the final round . 
 into nathan 's beer mug , i drop two tablets of chloral hydrate , five hundred milligrams each . 
 `` let 's kill these dead soldiers , '' i say , slamming them onto the table , and we turn bottoms up . 
 i take it easy and nathan wins the contest . 
 thirty minutes later , he 's dead to the world . 
 i watch our progress on the screen next to the galley . 
 we 're now at forty thousand . 
 miami is in sight , but we are not descending . 
 i pull nathan out of his chair and drag him to the sofa , where i stretch him out and check his pulse . 
 i pour a cup of coffee and watch miami fade below us . 
 before long , cuba is behind us too , and jamaica emerges at the bottom of the screen . 
 the engines throttle back a notch , and we begin our long descent . 
 i gulp coffee in a desperate effort to clear my head . 
 the next twenty minutes will be crucial and chaotic . 
 i have a plan , but so much of it is beyond my control . 
 nathan is breathing heavily and slowly . 
 i shake him , but he 's unconscious . 
 from the right pocket of his too-tight denim cutoffs , i remove his key ring . 
 in addition to the one for his pickup , the collection includes six others of varying shapes and designs . 
 i 'm sure a couple fit the doors and dead bolts of his house . 
 perhaps a couple lock and unlock bombay 's . 
 in the left pocket , i find a neat fold of cash - about $ 500 - and a pack of gum . 
 from the left rear pocket i remove his wallet , a cheap vinyl velcro tri-fold that 's sort of bulky . 
 as i inventory it , i realize why . 
 our party boy had loaded up with eight trojan condoms , stored at the ready on his left buttock . 
 there are also ten crisp $ 100 bills , a valid virginia driver 's license , two membership cards to bombay 's , a business card for his parole officer , and one for a beer distributor . 
 nathan has no credit cards , probably because of his recent five-year stint in prison and his lack of a real job . 
 i leave the cash in place , do n't touch the trojans , and remove everything else . 
 i substitute the fake driver 's license for the valid one and give nathaniel coley his wallet back . 
 then i gently place the fake passport in his right rear pocket . 
 he does n't move or twitch , does n't feel a thing . 
 i go to the restroom and close and lock the door . 
 i open the cargo hold , unzip my carry-on , and remove two nylon pouches with the words `` first aid '' stamped in bold letters . 
 i stuff these into the bottom of nathan 's gym bag , then re-zip everything . 
 i walk to the cockpit , pull back the black curtain , and lean forward to catch devin 's attention . 
 he quickly removes his headset and i say , `` look , this guy drank nonstop until he passed out . 
 i ca n't seem to wake him up and there 's not much of a pulse . 
 we might need some medical attention as soon as we land . '' 
 will hears this even with his headset , and for a split second he and devin stare at each other . 
 if they were not descending , one of the two would probably step into the cabin and take a look at nathan . 
 `` okay , '' devin finally says , and i return to the cabin , where nathan lies in near rigor mortis , but with a pulse . 
 five minutes later , i return to the cockpit and report that he is indeed breathing but i ca n't rouse him . 
 `` idiot drank a fifth of tequila in less than two hours , '' i say , and they both shake their heads . 
 we land in montego bay and taxi past a row of commercial airliners at the gates of the main concourse . 
 to the south , i see three other jets parked at the private terminal . 
 there are emergency vehicles with red lights flashing , all waiting for nathan . 
 i 'll need the chaos to aid in my disappearance . 
 i 'm far from sober , but the adrenaline has kicked in and i 'm thinking clearly . 
 when the engines are turned off , devin jumps up and opens the door . 
 i have my briefcase and carry-on in my chair , ready for the opportunity , but i 'm also hovering over nathan . 
 `` wait for immigration , '' devin says . 
 `` sure , '' i reply . 
 two grim-faced jamaican immigration officers appear in the cabin and glare at me . 
 `` passport please , '' one says , and i give him my passport . 
 he looks it over and says , `` please leave the aircraft . '' 
 i hustle down the stairs , where another officer tells me to wait . 
 two medics board the plane and i presume they 're tending to nathan . 
 an ambulance backs up to the stairs , and a police car arrives with lights but no sirens . 
 i take a step back , then another . 
 there is a dispute about how to remove the patient from the airplane , and everyone - medics , immigration officers , police - seems to have an opinion . 
 they finally decide against using a stretcher , so nathan is basically dragged out and handed down the stairs . 
 he 's limp and lifeless , and if he weighed more than 140 pounds , the entire rescue would have been botched . 
 as he 's loaded into the ambulance , his gym bag appears in the door and an immigration officer quizzes devin about it . 
 devin makes sure the authorities know that the adidas bag belongs to the unconscious one , and it is finally placed in the ambulance with him . 
 `` i need to go now , '' i say to the nearest officer , and he points to a door of the private terminal . 
 i enter just as nathan is being hauled away . 
 my passport is stamped and my carry-on and briefcase are scanned . 
 a customs official tells me to wait in the front lobby , and as i do i see devin and will in a tense discussion with the jamaican authorities . 
 they probably have some tough questions for me , and i 'd rather avoid them . 
 a taxi swings through the gate and stops under the terrace outside the front door . 
 a rear window comes down and i see my dear vanessa , waving frantically for me to get in . 
 when no one is near , i leave the terminal , jump into the cab , and we speed away . 
 victor westlake was attempting to sleep late on saturday morning , but after the second call he got out of bed , made the coffee , and was contemplating a possible nap on the sofa when the third call jolted him and swept away any lingering drowsiness . 
 it was from an assistant named fox , who was currently keeping the bannister/baldwin file and waiting for something to monitor . 
 there had not been a peep in over two weeks . 
 `` it came from customs , '' fox was saying . 
 `` baldwin left roanoke yesterday afternoon on a private jet and flew to jamaica . '' 
 `` a private jet ? '' 
 westlake repeated , thinking about the $ 150,000 in reward money and wondering how long it might last if baldwin was burning through it . 
 `` yes sir , a challenger 604 , chartered from a company in raleigh . '' 
 westlake thought for a moment . 
 `` i wonder what he 's doing in roanoke . 
 odd . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 `` did n't he go to jamaica a few weeks back ? 
 his first trip out of the country ? '' 
 `` yes sir . 
 he flew out of miami to montego bay , spent a few days there , then went to antigua . '' 
 `` i suppose he likes the islands , '' westlake said as he reached for fresh coffee . 
 `` is he alone ? '' 
 `` no sir . 
 he 's traveling with a man named nathaniel coley , at least that 's what 's on his passport . 
 however , it appears as though coley is traveling with a fake passport . '' 
 westlake sat the untouched coffee back onto the counter and began to pace around the kitchen . 
 `` this guy got by customs with a fake passport ? '' 
 `` yes sir . 
 but keep in mind it was a private aircraft and the passport was not actually examined by customs . 
 all they had was the copy sent in by the charter service , and they checked it against the no fly list . 
 it 's pretty routine . '' 
 `` remind me to fix that routine . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 `` so the question , fox , is what 's baldwin up to , right ? 
 why is he chartering a private jet and why is he traveling with a man who 's using a fake passport ? 
 can you answer these questions for me , and soon ? '' 
 `` if those are my orders , yes sir . 
 but i 'm sure i do n't have to remind you how prickly the jamaicans are . '' 
 `` no , you do n't . '' 
 in the war on drugs , not all battles were fought between cops and traffickers . 
 the jamaicans , like many police agencies in the caribbean , had long resented the bullying from u.s. officials . 
 `` i 'll get to work , '' fox said . 
 `` but it 's saturday , here and there . '' 
 `` be in my office early monday morning , with something , okay ? '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 nathan cooley awoke in a small , windowless room , dark except for the red glow of a digital monitor on a table near him . 
 he was lying on what appeared to be a hospital bed - narrow with railings . 
 he looked up and saw a bag of fluids , then followed the tube all the way down to the back of his left hand , where it disappeared under the white gauze . 
 okay , i 'm in a hospital . 
 his mouth was as dry as salt and his head began to pound as he tried to think . 
 he looked down and noticed the white nike running shoes , still attached to his feet . 
 they , whoever in hell they might be , had not bothered to cover him or dress him in a patient 's gown . 
 he closed his eyes again , and slowly the fog began to lift . 
 he remembered the shots of tequila , the endless mugs of beer , the craziness of reed baldwin as the two of them got smashed . 
 he remembered having a few at his bar on friday afternoon as he waited for his trip to the airport , then on to miami . 
 he must have had ten beers and ten shots . 
 what an idiot ! 
 blacked out again and now hooked to an iv . 
 he wanted to get up and move about , but his head was screaming and his eyes were bleeding . 
 do n't move , he said to himself . 
 there was a sound at the door and a light came on . 
 a tall , very dark nurse in a pristine white outfit entered the room in mid-sentence . 
 `` all right , mr. coley , time to go . 
 some gentlemen are here to take you . '' 
 it was english , but with an odd accent . 
 nathan was about to ask `` where am i ? '' 
 when three uniformed officers marched in behind the nurse and looked as though they were ready to beat him . 
 all three were black with very dark skin . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 nathan managed to say as he sat up . 
 the nurse removed the iv and disappeared , closing the door hard behind her . 
 the older officer stepped forward and whipped out a badge . 
 `` captain fremont , jamaican police , '' he said , just as they do on television . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 nathan asked . 
 fremont smiled , as did the two officers immediately behind him . 
 `` you do n't know where you are ? '' 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 `` you 're in jamaica . 
 montego bay . 
 in the hospital for now , but soon to be in the city jail . '' 
 `` how 'd i get to jamaica ? '' 
 nathan asked . 
 `` by private jet , and a nice one . '' 
 `` but i 'm supposed to be in miami , at south beach . 
 there 's some mistake here , you see ? 
 is this a joke or something ? '' 
 `` do we look like the joking type , mr. coley ? '' 
 nathan thought it was odd the way these people pronounced his last name . 
 `` why did you try to enter jamaica with a fake passport , mr. coley ? '' 
 nathan reached for his rear pocket and realized his wallet was missing . 
 `` where 's my wallet ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` in our custody , along with everything else . '' 
 nathan massaged his temples and fought the urge to vomit . 
 `` jamaica ? 
 what the hell am i doing in jamaica ? '' 
 `` we have some of the same questions , mr. coley . '' 
 `` passport ? 
 what passport ? 
 i 've never had a passport . '' 
 `` i 'll show it to you later . 
 it 's a violation of jamaican law to attempt to enter our country with a bogus passport , mr. coley . 
 under the circumstances , though , you have far more serious problems . '' 
 `` where 's reed ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` reed baldwin . 
 the guy who brought me . 
 find reed and he can explain everything . '' 
 `` i have n't met this reed baldwin . '' 
 `` well , you got ta find him , okay ? 
 he 's a black guy , like you all , and reed can explain everything . 
 i mean , we left roanoke yesterday around seven . 
 i guess we had too much to drink . 
 we were headed for miami , to south beach , where we were supposed to work on his documentary . 
 it 's about my brother , gene , you know ? 
 anyway , there 's some big mistake here . 
 we 're supposed to be in miami . '' 
 fremont slowly turned and looked at his two colleagues . 
 the glances they exchanged left little doubt they were dealing with a confused and babbling moron . 
 `` jail ? 
 did you say ` jail ' ? '' 
 `` your next stop , my friend . '' 
 nathan clutched his stomach and his jaws filled with vomit . 
 fremont quickly handed him a lined waste bin , then took a step back to stay clear . 
 nathan puked and heaved and gasped and cursed for five minutes as the three officers inspected their boots or admired the ceiling . 
 when the episode was mercifully over , nathan stood and placed the waste bin on the floor . 
 he wiped his mouth with a tissue from the table and took a sip of water . 
 `` please tell me what 's going on , '' he said in a scratchy voice . 
 `` you 're under arrest , mr. coley , '' fremont said . 
 `` customs violations , the importation of controlled substances , and possession of a firearm . 
 why did you think you could enter jamaica with four kilos of pure cocaine and a handgun ? '' 
 nathan 's jaw dropped . 
 his mouth opened , but nothing escaped but warm air . 
 he squinted , frowned , pleaded with his eyes , and tried again to speak . 
 nothing . 
 finally , he managed a feeble `` what ? '' 
 `` do n't play dumb , mr. coley . 
 where were you going ? 
 off to one of our famous resorts for a week of drugs and sex ? 
 was it all for personal consumption , or did you intend to sell some of it to other rich americans ? '' 
 `` this is a joke , right ? 
 where 's reed ? 
 the fun 's over . 
 ha-ha . 
 now get me outta here . '' 
 fremont reached for his thick belt and removed a set of handcuffs . 
 `` turn around , sir . 
 hands behind your back . '' 
 nathan suddenly yelled , `` reed ! 
 i know you 're out there ! 
 stop laughing , asshole , and tell these clowns to knock it off ! '' 
 `` turn around , sir , '' fremont said again , but nathan did not comply . 
 instead , he yelled even louder , `` reed ! 
 i 'll get you for this ! 
 nice joke ! 
 i hear you laughing out there ! '' 
 the other two officers stepped forward and each took an arm . 
 nathan wisely realized that resisting would not work . 
 when the handcuffs were in place , they led him from the room and into the hallway . 
 nathan spun around wildly , looking for reed or anyone else who might step forward and put an end to this . 
 they walked past rooms with open doors , small rooms with two and three beds practically touching each other . 
 they walked past comatose patients on gurneys parked against the walls , and nurses writing in charts , and orderlies watching television . 
 everyone is black , nathan noticed . 
 i really am in jamaica . 
 they shuffled down a set of stairs and through an exit door . 
 when he stepped into the thick air and brilliant sun , nathan knew he was on foreign soil and unfriendly territory . 
 a cab takes vanessa back to the airport where she 'll catch a 9:40 flight to atlanta . 
 she is scheduled to arrive in roanoke this evening at 6:50 . 
 she will drive to radford and check into a motel . 
 i will not be joining her for a few days . 
 i take another cab to the downtown area of montego bay . 
 unlike kingston , the capital , which is three hundred years old , montego bay is a new city that developed as resorts , hotels , condos , and shopping villages sprawled inward , away from the ocean , and finally met up with the neighborhoods . 
 there is no main avenue , or central plaza , or stately courthouse in the center of town . 
 government buildings are scattered over a wide area , as are most of the professional buildings . 
 my driver finds the law office of mr. rashford watley . 
 i pay the fare and hustle up a flight of stairs to a landing where a bunch of lawyers keep small , separate offices . 
 mr. watley explained on the phone that he rarely works on saturdays , but he 'll make an exception for me . 
 his ad in the yellow pages boasts of thirty years ' experience in all criminal courts . 
 when we shake hands , i can tell he 's pleasantly surprised to see that i , too , am black . 
 he probably assumed that as an american tourist i was like all the rest . 
 we take our seats in his modest office , and after a few pleasantries i get to the point . 
 sort of . 
 he suggests that we dispense with the formalities and use first names only . 
 so it 's reed and rashford . 
 i quickly go through the narrative about my background as a filmmaker , my current project involving one nathan coley , and so on , but before long i 'm veering off course . 
 i tell rashford that nathan and i came to jamaica for a few days of fun . 
 he got drunk and blacked out on the airplane , causing a medical emergency upon our arrival . 
 i 'm not sure , but i think he tried to smuggle in some drugs and was packing a gun . 
 i managed to get away last night in the confusion . 
 so i wish to retain rashford for two purposes : first , and most important , to represent me and protect me from whatever hot water i might be in ; second , to make some calls and pull some strings to find out about nathan and the charges against him . 
 i want rashford to visit nathan in jail and assure him i 'm doing all i can to secure his release . 
 no problem , rashford assures me . 
 we agree on a fee and i pay him in cash . 
 he immediately gets on the phone and checks with contacts in customs and the police . 
 i ca n't tell if he 's hamming it up for me , but the guy knows a lot of people . 
 after an hour , i excuse myself and walk down the street for a soft drink . 
 when i return to his office , rashford is still on the phone , scribbling away on a notepad . 
 i 'm reading a magazine in the lobby , under a noisy ceiling fan , when rashford appears and sits on his secretary 's desk . 
 things are grim and he 's shaking his head . 
 `` your friend is in big trouble , '' he says . 
 `` first , he tried to enter with a bogus passport . '' 
 no kidding , rash . 
 i listen intently . 
 `` did you know this ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` of course not , '' i reply . 
 i assume rashford has never chartered a private jet and therefore does not know the routine . 
 `` but much worse , '' he continues , `` he tried to smuggle in a handgun and four kilos of cocaine . '' 
 `` four kilos of cocaine , '' i repeat , acting as shocked as possible . 
 `` found the powder in two nylon first-aid kits in his gym bag , along with a small pistol . 
 what a fool . '' 
 i 'm shaking my head in disbelief . 
 `` he mentioned buying drugs once he got here but said nothing about smuggling the stuff in . '' 
 `` how well do you know this gentleman ? '' 
 rashford asks . 
 `` i just met him a week ago . 
 we 're not exactly close friends . 
 i know he has a history of drug violations in the states , but i had no idea he was an idiot . '' 
 `` well , he is . 
 and he 'll probably be spending the next twenty years in one of our fine prisons . '' 
 `` twenty ?! '' 
 `` five for the coke , fifteen for the gun . '' 
 `` that 's outrageous . 
 you got ta do something , rashford ! '' 
 `` the options are limited , but allow me to go about my business . '' 
 `` what about me ? 
 am i okay down here ? 
 i mean , they checked my bags at customs and everything was cool . 
 i 'm not an accomplice or guilty by association , right ? '' 
 `` as of now , nothing . 
 but i suggest you leave as soon as possible . '' 
 `` i ca n't leave until i see nathan . 
 i mean , i got ta help this guy , you know ? '' 
 `` there 's not much you can do , reed . 
 they found the coke and the gun in his bag . '' 
 i start pacing around the small room , deep in thought , worried sick . 
 rashford watches me for a moment , then says , `` they 'll probably allow me to see mr. coley . 
 i know the boys at the jail , see them all the time . 
 you 've hired the right lawyer , reed , but , again , i 'm not sure what can be done . '' 
 `` how often do you see this - american tourists busted for drugs down here ? '' 
 he thinks about this , then says , `` happens all the time , but not like this . 
 the americans get caught on the way out , not bringing the stuff in . 
 it 's rather unusual , but the drug charges are not that crucial . 
 we 're soft on drugs but hard on guns . 
 we have very tough laws , especially with handguns . 
 what was this boy thinking ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` allow me to go see him and make contact . '' 
 `` i need to see him too , rashford . 
 you got ta work this out . 
 lean on your friends at the jail and talk them into it . '' 
 `` it might take some cash . '' 
 `` how much ? '' 
 he shrugs and says , `` not much . 
 twenty bucks u.s. '' `` i got that . '' 
 the pilots are calling my cell phone , but i refuse to answer . 
 devin leaves four frantic voice mails , all pretty much the same : the police have seized the airplane and the pilots have been told they can not leave the island . 
 they are staying at the hilton , but not having any fun . 
 their office in raleigh is screaming and everybody wants answers . 
 the pilots are taking the heat for submitting a fake passport and will probably lose their jobs . 
 the airplane 's owner is threatening , and so on . 
 i do n't have the time to worry about these people . 
 i 'm sure a man who owns a $ 30 million jet can figure out a way to get it back . 
 at 2:00 p.m. , rashford and i leave his office and he drives us ten minutes to the police department . 
 the city jail is attached to it . 
 he parks in a crowded lot and nods at a low-slung , flat-roofed building with narrow slits for windows and razor wire for decoration . 
 we walk down a sidewalk and rashford says a pleasant hello to the guards and orderlies . 
 he goes to a door and whispers with a guard he obviously knows . 
 i watch without being obvious and no cash changes hands . 
 at a desk , we sign a sheet on a clipboard . 
 `` i told them you 're a lawyer working with me , '' he whispers as i scribble one of my names . 
 `` just act like a lawyer . '' 
 if he only knew . 
 rashford waits in a long narrow room the lawyers use for meetings if the police are not using it for anything else . 
 there is no air-conditioning and the room feels like a sauna . 
 after a few minutes , the door opens and nathan coley is shoved inside . 
 he looks wild-eyed at rashford , then turns to his guard , who leaves and closes the door . 
 nathan slowly sits down on a metal stool and gawks at rashford . 
 the lawyer thrusts a business card at him and says , `` i 'm rashford watley , attorney . 
 your friend reed baldwin has hired me to look into this situation . '' 
 nathan takes the card and inches the stool closer . 
 his left eye is partially closed and his left jaw is swollen . 
 there is dried blood at the corner of his lips . 
 `` where 's reed ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` he 's here . 
 he is very concerned and wants to see you . 
 are you okay , mr. coley ? 
 your jaw is swollen . '' 
 nathan looks at the large , round black face and tries to absorb the words . 
 it 's english all right , but with a strange accent . 
 he wants to correct this guy and explain that it 's `` cooley '' not `` coley , '' but then maybe the guy is trying to say `` cooley , '' but it just comes out differently in jamaica . 
 `` are you all right , mr. coley ? '' 
 the lawyer repeats . 
 `` i 've had two fights in the past two hours . 
 lost both of them . 
 you got ta get me outta here , mr. ... '' he looks at the card but ca n't focus on the words . 
 `` it 's watley . 
 mr. watley . '' 
 `` fine , mr. watley . 
 this is a big misunderstanding . 
 i do n't know what happened , what went wrong , but i ai n't guilty of anything . 
 i did n't use a fake passport and i damned sure did n't try to smuggle in drugs and a gun . 
 somebody planted that stuff in my bag , you got that ? 
 that 's the truth and i 'll swear on a stack of bibles . 
 i do n't use drugs , do n't sell 'em , and i damned sure do n't smuggle them . 
 i want to talk to reed . '' 
 he sort of spits his words through clenched teeth and rubs his jaw as he talks . 
 `` is your jaw broken ? '' 
 rashford asks . 
 `` i ai n't no doctor . '' 
 `` i 'll try to get one , and i 'll try to get you moved to another cell . '' 
 `` they 're all the same - hot , overcrowded , and dirty . 
 you got ta do something , mr. watley . 
 and fast . 
 i 'll never survive in here . '' 
 `` you 've been in prison before , i think . '' 
 `` i just spent a few years in a federal pen , but nothing like this . 
 i just thought that was bad . 
 this is pure hell . 
 i got fifteen guys in my cell , all black but me , with two beds and a hole in the corner to piss in . 
 no air-conditioning and no food . 
 please , mr. watley , do something . '' 
 `` you 're facing very serious charges , mr. coley . 
 if convicted as charged , you could be sentenced to twenty years in prison . '' 
 nathan drops his head and takes a deep breath . 
 `` i wo n't last a week . '' 
 `` i 'm confident i can get a reduction , but still you 're facing a lot of time . 
 and not in a city jail like this . 
 they 'll send you away to one of our regional prisons where the conditions are not always as pleasant . '' 
 `` then give me a plan . 
 you 've got to explain to the judge or whoever that this is all a mistake . 
 i 'm not guilty , okay ? 
 you got ta make somebody believe that . '' 
 `` i 'll try , mr. coley . 
 but the system has to run its course , and unfortunately things move rather slowly here in jamaica . 
 the court will schedule your first appearance in a few days , then formal charges will be handed down . '' 
 `` what about bail ? 
 can i post a bond and get outta here ? '' 
 `` i 'm working on that now with a bail bondsman , but i 'm not optimistic . 
 the court would consider you a flight risk . 
 how much money is at your disposal ? '' 
 nathan snorts and shakes his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i had a thousand bucks in my wallet , wherever it happens to be now . 
 i 'm sure the money 's gone . 
 i had five hundred bucks in my pocket too , and it 's gone . 
 they 've picked me clean . 
 i got a few assets back home but nothing liquid . 
 i 'm not a rich man , mr. watley . 
 i 'm a thirty-year-old ex-con who was in prison about six months ago . 
 my family has nothing . '' 
 `` well , the court will look at the amount of cocaine and the private jet and think otherwise . '' 
 `` the cocaine is not mine . 
 i never saw it , never touched it . 
 it was planted , okay , mr. watley ? 
 so was the gun . '' 
 `` i believe you , mr. coley , but the court will likely be more skeptical . 
 the court hears such stories all the time . '' 
 nathan opened his mouth slowly and picked at the dried blood at the corner of his lips . 
 he was obviously in pain and shock . 
 rashford stood and said , `` keep your seat . 
 reed 's here . 
 if anyone asks , tell them he 's just one of your lawyers . '' 
 nathan 's battered face lights up somewhat when i enter . 
 i sit on my stool , less than three feet from him . 
 he wants to yell but he knows someone is listening . 
 `` what the hell is happening here , reed ? 
 talk to me ! '' 
 my act at this point is that of a frightened man who is not sure what will happen tomorrow . 
 `` i do n't know , nathan , '' i say nervously . 
 `` i 'm not under arrest but i ca n't leave the island . 
 i found rashford watley first thing this morning and we 're trying to figure it all out . 
 all i remember is that we got real drunk real fast . 
 stupid . 
 got that . 
 you passed out on the sofa and i was barely awake . 
 at some point , one of the pilots called me up to the cockpit and explained that air traffic around miami was grounded because of weather . 
 tornado warnings , a tropical storm , really bad stuff . 
 miami international was closed . 
 the system was moving north , so we circled to the south and were diverted over the caribbean . 
 we circled and circled and i really ca n't remember all of what happened . 
 i tried to wake you but you were snoring . '' 
 `` i do n't remember blacking out , '' he says , tapping his sore jaw . 
 `` does a drunk ever remember passing out ? 
 no , he does not . 
 you were bombed , okay ? 
 you had been drinking before we took off . 
 anyway , at some point we were getting low on fuel and had to land . 
 according to the pilots , we were directed here , to montego bay , to refuel , then we were supposed to leave for miami , where the weather had cleared . 
 i 'm drinking coffee by the gallon and so i remember most of what happened . 
 when we land , the captain says just stay on the plane ; we 'll only be here for twenty minutes . 
 then he says that immigration and customs want to take a look . 
 we 're ordered off the plane , but you 're in a coma and ca n't move . 
 you barely have a pulse . 
 they call an ambulance and everything starts going wrong . '' 
 `` what 's this shit about a fake passport ? '' 
 `` my mistake . 
 we fly into miami international all the time , and they often want to see a passport , even for domestic flights , especially private ones . 
 i think it goes back to the drug wars in the 1980s when a lot of private jets were used to haul drug lords and their entourages . 
 now , with the war on terror , they like to see a passport . 
 it 's not mandatory to have one , but it 's very helpful . 
 i got a guy in d.c. who can produce one overnight for a hundred bucks , and i asked him to crank one out for you , just in case we needed it . 
 i had no idea it would become an issue . '' 
 poor nathan does not know what to believe . 
 i have the benefit of months of preparation . 
 he 's getting hit fast and furious and is thoroughly bewildered . 
 `` believe me , nathan , a fake passport is the least of your worries . '' 
 `` where 'd the coke and the gun come from ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` the police , '' i say casually but with certainty . 
 `` it was n't you and it was n't me , so that narrows the list of suspects . 
 rashford says this is not unheard of on the island . 
 a private jet from america arrives with a couple of rich guys on board - rich , otherwise they would n't be buzzing around on such a fine airplane . 
 one of the rich dudes is so drunk he ca n't hit his ass with both hands . 
 blacked-out drunk . 
 they get the sober guy off the plane and get the pilots distracted with paperwork , and when the timing is perfect , they plant the drugs . 
 stuff it in a bag , just that simple . 
 a few hours later , the jet is officially seized by the jamaican government , and the trafficker is placed under arrest . 
 it 's all about money , cash . '' 
 nathan is absorbing this as he stares at his bare feet . 
 his pink-and-orange hawaiian shirt has blood stains on it . 
 there are scratches on his arms and hands . 
 `` can you get me something to eat , reed ? 
 i 'm starving . 
 they served lunch an hour ago , shit so nasty you ca n't imagine , and before i could take a bite one of my cellies decided he needed it more than me . '' 
 i say , `` sorry , nathan . 
 i 'll see if rashford can bribe one of the guards . '' 
 he mumbles , `` please . '' 
 `` do you want me to call someone back home ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he shakes his head no . 
 `` who ? 
 the only person i halfway trust is the guy who runs my bar , and i think he 's stealing . 
 i 'm cut off from my family , and they would n't help anyway . 
 how can they ? 
 they do n't know where jamaica is . 
 not sure i can find it on the map . '' 
 `` rashford thinks they might charge me as an accomplice , so i might be joining you back there . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` you might survive because you 're black and you 're in good shape . 
 a skinny white boy ai n't got a chance . 
 as soon as i walked into the cell , this big dude says he really likes my nikes . 
 gone . 
 next guy wants to borrow some money , and since i do n't have any money he wants me to promise to get some real soon . 
 this leads to the first fight , which involved at least three of these thugs beating the shit out of me . 
 i remember hearing a guard laughing , saying something about a white boy who ca n't fight too good . 
 my spot on the concrete floor is right next to the toilet , which is nothing but an open hole , like an outhouse . 
 the smell will make you gag and puke . 
 if i move an inch or two , then i 'm on somebody else 's turf and there 's a fight . 
 there 's no air-conditioning and it 's like an oven . 
 fifteen men in a tight space , all sweating and hungry and thirsty and no one can sleep . 
 i can not imagine what tonight will be like . 
 please , reed , get me outta here . '' 
 `` i 'll try , nathan , but there 's a good chance these guys might try to nail me too . '' 
 `` just do something . 
 please . '' 
 `` look , nathan , this is all my fault , okay ? 
 that means nothing at this point , but i had no way of knowing we were flying into a storm . 
 the stupid pilots should 've told us about the weather before we took off , or they should 've landed somewhere on u.s. soil , or they should 've had more fuel on the airplane . 
 we 'll sue the bastards when we get home , okay ? '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 `` nathan , i 'll do anything i can to get you out of here , but my ass is still on the line too . 
 it 's gon na come down to money . 
 this is nothing but a shakedown , a grab for money by a bunch of cops who know how to play the game . 
 hell , they wrote the rules . 
 rashford says they 'll squeeze the owner of the jet and pocket a handsome bribe . 
 they 'll throw a bone our way and see how much cash we can scrape together . 
 now that they know we have a lawyer , he thinks they 'll contact him pretty soon . 
 they prefer to work their little bribery schemes before the case gets into court . 
 after that , you got formal charges and judges watching everything . 
 you understand all this , nathan ? '' 
 `` i guess . 
 i just ca n't believe this , reed . 
 this time yesterday i was at my bar , having a beer with a cute girl , bragging about flying to miami for the weekend . 
 now look at me - thrown into a filthy jail cell with a bunch of jamaicans , and they 're all lined up waiting to kick my ass . 
 you 're right , reed , this is all your fault . 
 you and your ridiculous movie . 
 i should 've never listened to you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , nathan . 
 believe me , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 rashford gives me a ride to my hotel and , at the last minute , graciously extends an invitation to dinner . 
 he says his wife is an excellent cook and they would be delighted to have such an accomplished filmmaker in their home . 
 though i am tempted , primarily because i have nothing to do for the next eighteen hours , i beg off with the lame excuse of feeling bad and needing sleep . 
 i 'm living a lie , and the last thing i need is a long dinner conversation about my life , my work , and my past . 
 i suspect there will be serious people following my trail , sniffing for clues , and a stray word here or there could come back to haunt me . 
 it 's july , the tourist season is over , and the hotel is not busy . 
 there 's a small pool with a bar in the shade , and i spend the afternoon under an umbrella , reading a walter mosley and sipping red stripe beer . 
 vanessa lands in roanoke at 7:00 saturday evening . 
 she is exhausted but rest is not an option . 
 in the past forty-eight hours , she has driven from radford to d.c. to roanoke , and flown from roanoke to jamaica and back by way of charlotte , atlanta , and miami . 
 other than a fitful three-hour rest in bed in montego bay , and several catnaps on airplanes , she has had no sleep . 
 she leaves the terminal with her small carry-on bag and takes her time finding her car . 
 as always , she notices everything and everyone around her . 
 we doubt if she 's being followed , but at this point in our project we take nothing for granted . 
 she drives across the highway from the airport and gets a room at a holiday inn . 
 she orders room service and eats dinner at the window as the sun goes down . 
 at 10:00 p.m. she calls me and we speak briefly and in code . 
 we 're on our third or fourth prepaid cell phone and it 's highly unlikely anyone is listening , but , again , we 're taking no chances . 
 i conclude with a simple `` proceed as planned . '' 
 she drives back to the airport , to the general aviation terminal , and parks next to nathan 's pickup truck . 
 it 's late on a saturday night and there is no private air traffic , no movements in the empty parking lot . 
 she puts on a pair of thin leather gloves and , using nathan 's keys , unlocks his door and drives away . 
 it 's vanessa 's first drive in such a vehicle and she takes it easy . 
 not far down the road , she pulls in to a fast-food parking lot and adjusts the seat and mirrors . 
 for the past five years she 's been driving a small japanese model , and the upgrade is astounding and uncomfortable . 
 the last thing we can afford is a fender bender or a set of flashing blue lights . 
 eventually , she makes it onto interstate 81 and heads south , toward radford , virginia . 
 it 's almost midnight when she leaves the state highway and turns onto the country lane to nathan 's house . 
 she passes the double-wide trailer , home to nathan 's nearest neighbor , at fifteen miles per hour , making virtually no noise . 
 in her own car , she 's driven this road a dozen times and knows the terrain . 
 the road winds past nathan 's and through some pastureland before passing another home , almost two miles farther into the country . 
 beyond that , the asphalt fades into gravel , then to dirt . 
 there is no traffic because there is so little population . 
 it seems odd that a thirty-year-old bachelor would choose such a secluded place to live . 
 she parks in his driveway and listens . 
 nathan 's yellow lab is in the backyard , in the distance , barking inside a large , fencedin dog run with a cute little house to keep him dry . 
 other than the dog , though , there are no sounds . 
 the darkness is broken slightly by a small yellow porch light . 
 vanessa has a 9-millimeter glock stuck in a pocket , and she thinks she knows how to use it . 
 she walks around the house , careful where she steps , listening to everything . 
 the dog barks louder , but no one , other than vanessa , can hear him . 
 at the rear door , she starts using the keys . 
 the first three fit neither the locked knob nor the dead bolt , but numbers four and five do the trick . 
 she takes a breath as she pushes the door open . 
 there are no sirens , no frantic beepings . 
 she had walked through the same door just five days earlier during the first session of filming and noticed the dead bolts and the absence of an alarm system . 
 once inside , vanessa peels off the leather gloves and puts on a pair of disposable latex gloves . 
 she is about to examine every inch of the house , and she can not leave a single print . 
 walking quickly , she flips on lights , pulls down all the shades , and cranks up the air-conditioning . 
 it 's a cheap rental house being leased by an unmarried hillbilly who 's spent the last five years in prison , so the decor and furnishings are sparse . 
 there are a few sticks of furniture , the obligatory oversized television , and sheets on some of the windows . 
 there are also dirty dishes stacked by the kitchen sink and dirty clothes on the bathroom floor . 
 the guest bedroom is used to store junk . 
 two dead mice lay perfectly still in traps , their necks snapped in two . 
 she begins in nathan 's bedroom by going through a tall chest of drawers . 
 nothing . 
 she looks under his bed and between the mattress and the box spring . 
 she examines every inch of his cluttered closet . 
 the house has a conventional , framed foundation , no concrete slab , and the hardwood flooring gives way slightly with each step . 
 she taps the flooring , searching for a more hollow sound , for evidence of a hiding place . 
 i suspect nathan has hidden his loot somewhere in the house , though probably not in one of the main rooms . 
 nonetheless , we have to look everywhere . 
 if he 's smart , which is a stretch , he has split it and is using more than one hiding place . 
 from his bedroom , vanessa inspects the guest room , giving the dead mice plenty of space . 
 at 12:30 , she begins turning off lights , as if nathan is winding down . 
 room by room she goes , checking every corner , every plank , every pocket . 
 nothing goes unturned or untested . 
 it could be in the walls , the floors , the dry-wall above the ceilings , or it could be buried in the backyard or stashed in a safe at bombay 's . 
 the cramped basement has seven-foot ceilings , no air-conditioning , and unpainted cinder-block walls . 
 after spending an hour there , vanessa is soaking wet , and too tired to go on . 
 at 2:00 a.m. , she stretches out on the sofa in the den and falls asleep with her hand on the glock 's holster . 
 if rashford was hesitant to work on saturday , he was almost belligerent on sunday , but i gave him little choice . 
 i pleaded with him to accompany me to the jail and pull the same strings he 'd pulled the day before . 
 i gave him a $ 100 bill to facilitate matters . 
 we arrive at the jail just before 9:00 a.m. , and fifteen minutes later i am alone with nathan in the same room used yesterday . 
 i am shocked at his appearance . 
 his injuries are evident and substantial , and i wonder how long the guards will allow the abuse to continue . 
 his face is a mess of gashes , open wounds , and dried blood . 
 his upper lip is bloated and protrudes grotesquely from under his nose . 
 his left eye is completely shut and his right one is red and puffy . 
 he is missing one front tooth . 
 gone are the cutoffs and cute hawaiian shirt , replaced by a dirt-stained white jumpsuit covered with dried blood . 
 we both lean forward , our faces just inches apart . 
 `` help me , '' he manages to say , almost in tears . 
 `` here 's the latest , nathan , '' i begin . 
 `` the crooks are demanding $ 1 million from the jet 's owner , and he 's agreed to pay it , so these scumbags will get their money . 
 they 're not going to charge me with anything , as of this morning . 
 for you , they want a half a million bucks . 
 i 've explained , through rashford , that neither of us has that kind of money . 
 i 've explained that we were just passengers on someone 's jet , that we 're not rich , and so on . 
 the jamaicans do n't believe this . 
 anyway , that 's where we are as of right now . '' 
 nathan grimaces , as if it hurts to breathe . 
 as bad as his face looks , i 'd hate to see the rest of his body . 
 i 'm imagining the worst , so i do n't ask what happened . 
 he grunts and says , `` can you get back to the u.s. , reed ? '' 
 his voice is weak and scratchy ; even it is wounded . 
 `` i think so . 
 rashford thinks so . 
 but i do n't have a lot of cash , nathan . '' 
 he frowns and grunts again and looks as though he may either faint or cry . 
 `` reed , listen to me . 
 i have some money , a lot of it . '' 
 i 'm staring him straight in the eyes , or at least his right one because his left one is closed . 
 this is the fateful moment upon which everything else has been created . 
 without this , the entire project would be a gargantuan disaster , one horrific and lousy gamble . 
 `` how much ? '' 
 i ask as he pauses . 
 he does not want to go on , but he has no choice . 
 `` enough to get me out . '' 
 `` a half a million dollars , nathan ? '' 
 `` that , and more . 
 we need to be partners , reed . 
 just me and you . 
 i 'll tell you where the money is , you go get it , you get me out of here , and we 'll be partners . 
 but you got ta give me your word , reed . 
 i have to trust you , okay ? '' 
 `` hang on , nathan , '' i say , pulling back and throwing up both palms . 
 `` you expect me to leave here , go home , then come back with a sackful of money and bribe the jamaican police ? 
 are you serious ? '' 
 `` please , reed . 
 there 's no one else . 
 i ca n't call anyone at home . 
 no one there understands what 's happening here , only you . 
 you got ta do it , reed . 
 please . 
 my life depends on it . 
 i ca n't survive here . 
 look at me . 
 please , reed . 
 you do what i ask , get me out , and you 'll be a rich man . '' 
 i back away some more as if he 's contagious . 
 he 's begging : `` come on , reed , you got me into this mess , now get me out . '' 
 `` it might be helpful if you explain how you made so much money . '' 
 `` i did n't make it . 
 i stole it . '' 
 no surprise there . 
 `` drug money ? '' 
 i ask , but i know the answer . 
 `` no , no , no . 
 are we partners , reed ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , nathan . 
 i 'm not so sure i want to start bribing jamaican police . 
 what if i get busted ? 
 i could end up just like you . '' 
 `` then do n't come back . 
 send the money to rashford , get him to make the delivery . 
 you can figure it out , reed , hell you 're a smart man . '' 
 i nod as if i like the way he 's thinking . 
 `` where 's the money , nathan ? '' 
 `` are we partners , reed ? 
 fifty-fifty , just me and you , man ? '' 
 `` okay , okay , but i 'm not risking jail over this , you understand ? '' 
 `` i got it . '' 
 there 's a pause as we study each other . 
 his breathing is labored and every word is painful . 
 slowly , he extends his right hand ; it 's puffy and scratched . 
 `` partners , reed ? '' 
 he asks , pleading . 
 slowly , i shake his hand and he grimaces . 
 it 's probably broken . 
 `` where 's the money ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it 's at my house , '' he says slowly , reluctantly , as he gives away the most precious secret of his life . 
 `` you 've been there . 
 there 's a storage shed in the backyard , full of junk . 
 it has a wooden floor , and to the right , under an old sears push mower that does n't work , is a trapdoor . 
 you ca n't see it until you move the mower and some of the junk around it . 
 watch out for snakes - there are a couple of king snakes that live there . 
 open the trapdoor , and you 'll see a bronze casket . '' 
 his breathing is labored and he is sweating profusely . 
 the physical pain is obvious , but he 's also tormented by the pain of such a momentous revelation . 
 `` a casket ? '' 
 i ask , incredulous . 
 `` yes , a child 's casket . 
 closed and sealed , waterproof and airtight . 
 there 's a hidden latch at the narrow end , where the feet would go . 
 when you lift it , the seals release and you can open the casket . '' 
 `` what 's inside ? '' 
 `` a bunch of cigar boxes wrapped in duct tape . 
 i think there are eighteen of them . '' 
 `` you hid cash in cigar boxes ? '' 
 `` it 's not cash , reed , '' he says as he leans closer . 
 `` it 's gold . '' 
 i appear too dumbfounded to speak , so he continues , almost in a whisper . 
 `` mini-bars , each weighing ten ounces , as pure as anything being mined in the world . 
 they 're about the size of a large domino . 
 they 're beautiful , reed , just beautiful . '' 
 i stare at him for a long time in disbelief , then say , `` okay , as hard as it is , i 'll resist asking a lot of obvious questions . 
 i 'm supposed to hustle home , go fetch the gold from a casket , fight off some snakes , somehow find a dealer who 'll swap me gold for cash , and then figure out a way to smuggle a half a million bucks back here into jamaica where i 'll fork it over to some crooked customs agents and police who 'll then set you free . 
 that pretty well sum it up , nathan ? '' 
 `` it does . 
 and hurry , okay ? '' 
 `` i think you 're crazy . '' 
 `` we shook hands . 
 we 're partners , reed . 
 you figure out a way to do it , and you 'll be a rich man . '' 
 `` how many dominoes are we talking about ? '' 
 `` between five and six hundred . '' 
 `` what 's gold worth these days ? '' 
 `` two days ago it was trading for fifteen hundred bucks an ounce . '' 
 i do the math and say , `` that 's between seven and a half and eight million bucks . '' 
 nathan is nodding . 
 he does the math every day of his life as he watches the price fluctuate . 
 there is a loud knock on the door behind me , and one of the jailers appears . 
 `` time 's up , mon , '' he says , then disappears . 
 `` this is probably one of the stupidest things i 'll ever do in my life , '' i say . 
 `` or maybe one of the smartest , '' nathan replies . 
 `` but please hurry , reed . 
 i ca n't survive long . '' 
 we shake hands and say good-bye . 
 my last visual of nathan is a battered little man trying to stand , in pain . 
 rashford and i leave in a hurry . 
 he drops me off at my hotel , where i run to my room and call vanessa . 
 she 's in the attic , where it 's 120 degrees , picking through old cardboard boxes and broken furniture . 
 `` it 's not there , '' i announce . 
 `` it 's outside , in the storage shed . '' 
 `` hang on , '' she says as she climbs down the retractable ladder . 
 `` has he told you ? '' 
 she asks between breaths . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` someone 's here , '' she says , and through the phone i hear a loud doorbell chime . 
 vanessa ducks low in the hallway and reaches for the glock . 
 `` i 'll call you right back , '' she whispers into the phone and turns it off . 
 it 's late sunday morning . 
 nathan 's truck is in his driveway . 
 assuming his friends would know he was away for the weekend , the presence of his truck would raise questions . 
 the doorbell chimes again , and someone starts pounding on the front door . 
 then he yells , `` nathan , you in there ? 
 open up . '' 
 vanessa crouches but does n't move . 
 the banging continues , then someone else is knocking on the back door and yelling for nathan . 
 there are at least two of them , with voices of young men , no doubt friends of nathan 's who stopped by for some reason . 
 they show no signs of leaving . 
 one of them taps on his bedroom window , but he can not see inside . 
 vanessa eases into the bathroom and wipes her face . 
 her breathing is heavy and she 's shaking with fear . 
 they 're pounding and yelling and will soon come to the conclusion that something is wrong with nathan . 
 they 'll kick in a door . 
 instinctively , vanessa strips down to her bikini panties , dries the sweat off her body , leaves the glock near the bathroom sink , and steps to the front door . 
 she opens it widely and the young man gets a most unexpected treat . 
 her brown breasts are large and firm ; her body athletic and toned . 
 his eyes drop from her chest to the panties , pinched together to reveal as much flesh as possible , then he catches himself . 
 she 's smiling and saying , `` maybe nathan is busy right now . '' 
 `` wow , '' he says . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 they 're facing each other through a screen door , neither in a hurry to leave . 
 over his shoulder he says , `` hey , tommy , over here . '' 
 tommy arrives at the front door in a rush and ca n't believe his eyes . 
 vanessa says , `` come on , guys , give us some privacy here , okay ? 
 nathan 's in the shower and we 're not finished with our business . 
 who shall i tell him stopped by ? '' 
 she then realizes that in her haste she forgot to remove the latex gloves . 
 red panties , aquamarine gloves . 
 neither can take his eyes off her breasts . 
 one says , `` uh , greg and tommy , we , uh , were just sorta passing by . '' 
 both are entranced by her nakedness and baffled by the gloves . 
 what on earth has this gal been doing with our buddy ? 
 `` i 'll be happy to tell him , '' she says with a cute smile as she slowly closes the door . 
 through the window she watches as they back away , still slack-jawed and confused . 
 they finally get to their truck , climb in , and start laughing as they leave the driveway . 
 after they 're gone , vanessa fixes a glass of ice water and sits at the kitchen table for a few moments . 
 she 's rattled and ready for a meltdown but can not afford one . 
 she 's sick of the house and has serious doubts about the entire project . 
 but she has to go on . 
 i 'm in the back of a cab headed for the airport when i see the call . 
 i 've spent the last fifteen minutes imagining various scenes and conflicts inside nathan 's house , none of them with good endings . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes , just a couple of rednecks looking for nathan . 
 i got rid of them . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i 'll tell you later . '' 
 `` did they see you ? '' 
 `` oh yes . 
 it 's cool . 
 we 're fine . 
 where 's the stuff ? '' 
 `` out back , in the storage shed . 
 i 'll stay on the phone . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 vanessa checks the driveway once more to make sure there are no more visitors , then hurries out the back door and to the storage shed . 
 the dog is growling and barking frantically , and i can hear him clearly in jamaica . 
 i can not make myself warn her about the snakes , so i silently pray that she does not encounter them . 
 digging through a grungy outbuilding is bad enough ; throw in the snakes and she might freak out and disappear . 
 when she steps into the shed , she describes the interior . 
 she says it 's like an oven . 
 i relay nathan 's instructions , and we sign off . 
 she 'll need both hands . 
 she moves two empty paint thinner cans , kicks aside a burlap bag , pushes the sears mower as far away as possible , lifts a sheet of plywood , and finds a rope handle . 
 it 's stuck , so she yanks it harder and harder until the door opens . 
 there are no hinges , so the entire trapdoor bolts from the floor and falls against the wall . 
 under it , on the ground , as advertised , is a soiled bronze casket no more than four feet in length . 
 vanessa gawks at it in horror , as if she has stumbled upon a crime scene and found some poor child 's body . 
 but there is no time for fear or second-guessing , no time to ask , what in hell am i doing here ? 
 she tries to lift the casket , but it is too heavy . 
 she finds the latch , twists , and half of the top lid opens slowly . 
 mercifully , there is no dead baby inside . 
 far from it . 
 vanessa pauses to study the collection of small wooden cigar boxes all sealed with a band of silver duct tape and for the most part stacked in rows . 
 sweat is dripping from her eyebrows and she tries to swipe at it with a forearm . 
 carefully , she removes one of the boxes and steps outside under the shade of an oak . 
 glancing around , seeing no one , nothing but the dog , who 's tired of barking and growling , vanessa peels off the tape , opens the box , and slowly removes a layer of wadded newspaper . 
 mini-bars . 
 little bricks . 
 dominoes . 
 an entire casket full of them . 
 millions upon millions . 
 she removes one and examines it . 
 a perfect rectangle , not quite a half inch thick , lined with a tiny border ridge that allows for precise stacking and storage . 
 on the front side is stamped `` 10 ounces . '' 
 and under that : `` 99.9 % . '' 
 and nothing else - no bank name , no indication of where it came from or who mined it . 
 no registration number . 
 using a prepaid credit card , i pay $ 300 for an air jamaica flight to san juan , puerto rico . 
 it leaves in an hour , so i find a bench near my gate and kill time , staring at my cell phone . 
 before long , it lights up and vibrates . 
 vanessa says , `` he 's not lying . '' 
 `` talk to me . '' 
 `` love to , baby . 
 we now own eighteen cigar boxes filled with these gorgeous little gold mini-bars , have n't counted them all yet , but there must be at least five hundred . '' 
 i take a deep breath and feel like crying . 
 this project has been on the drawing board for over two years , and during most of that time the odds of a successful outcome were at least a thousand to one . 
 a series of loosely connected events had to fall perfectly into place . 
 we 're not yet at the finish line , but we are in the homestretch . 
 i can smell the barn . 
 `` between five hundred and six hundred , '' i say , `` according to our boy . '' 
 `` he 's earned the right to be trusted . 
 where are you ? '' 
 `` at the airport . 
 i bought a ticket , made it through customs , and i 'll board in an hour . 
 so far , no problems . 
 where are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm leaving this dump . 
 i 've loaded up the good stuff and put everything back in its place . 
 the house is locked . '' 
 `` do n't worry about the house . 
 he 'll never see it again . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i gave his dog a whole sackful of food . 
 maybe someone will check on him . '' 
 `` get away from that place . '' 
 `` i 'm leaving now . '' 
 it 's almost eleven , sunday morning , july 24 , a hot clear day with little traffic around radford . 
 vanessa wants to avoid another encounter with anyone who might see nathan 's pickup truck and get suspicious . 
 she heads north on the interstate , past roanoke , into the heart of the shenandoah valley , driving as cautiously as humanly possible with the needle stuck on seventy miles per hour and every lane change properly telegraphed with a turn signal . 
 she watches the rearview mirror because it 's now such a habit , and she watches every other vehicle to avoid any chance of a collision . 
 on the passenger 's floorboard , and on the seat next to her , there is literally a fortune in gold , a fortune in unmarked and untraceable ingots freshly stolen from a thief who stole them from a crook who took them from a gang of thugs . 
 how could she explain such a collection of precious metal to a nosy state trooper ? 
 she could not , so she drives as perfectly as possible as the 18-wheelers roar by in the left lane . 
 she exits at a small town and drifts until she finds a cheap dollar store . 
 the banner across the front windows advertises pre-back-to-school specials . 
 she parks near the entrance and spreads a soiled blanket , taken from nathan 's , over the cigar boxes . 
 she puts the glock under a corner of the blanket , next to her , and analyzes the parking lot . 
 it 's virtually empty on a sunday morning . 
 finally , she takes a deep breath , gets out , locks the truck , and hurries inside . 
 in less than ten minutes , vanessa buys ten kids ' backpacks , all with a desert storm camouflage motif . 
 she pays in cash and does not respond when the cashier quips , `` must have a lot of kids heading back to school . '' 
 she shoves her purchases into the cab of the truck and heads back to the interstate . 
 an hour later , she finds a truck stop near staunton , virginia , and parks next to the rigs . 
 when she 's certain that no one is watching , she begins to quickly stuff the cigar boxes into the backpacks , two of which are not used . 
 she fills up the tank , eats lunch from a fast-food drive-through , and kills time roaming up and down interstate 81 , as far north as maryland and as far south as roanoke . 
 the hours drag by . 
 she can not park and leave the jackpot . 
 it has to be guarded at all times , so she flows with the traffic while she waits on darkness . 
 i 'm pacing in a crowded and humid wing of the san juan airport , waiting on a delta flight to atlanta . 
 my ticket was purchased in the name of malcolm bannister , and his old passport worked just fine . 
 it will expire in four months . 
 the last time it was used , dionne and i escaped on a cheap cruise to the bahamas . 
 another lifetime . 
 i call vanessa twice and we speak in code . 
 got the goods . 
 packages are fine . 
 she 's moving around , following the plan . 
 if a spook somewhere is listening , then he 's scratching his head . 
 at 3:30 we finally board , and then sit for an hour in the sweltering cabin as a howling storm pounds the airport and the pilots go mute . 
 at least two babies are squalling behind me . 
 as tempers rise , i close my eyes and try to nap , but i have deprived myself of sleep for so long i have forgotten how to doze off . 
 instead , i think of nathan cooley and his hopeless situation , though i have little sympathy . 
 i think of vanessa and smile at her toughness under pressure . 
 we are so close to the finish line , but there are still so many ways to fail . 
 we have the gold , but can we keep it ? 
 i wake up as we lurch forward and begin rumbling down the runway . 
 two hours later we land in atlanta . 
 at passport control , i manage to avoid the counters manned by black customs agents and instead pick a beefy young white boy who seems to be bored and indifferent . 
 he takes my passport , glances at a nine-year-old photo of malcolm bannister , quickly compares it to the revised face of max reed baldwin , and sees nothing unusual . 
 we all look the same . 
 i am assuming customs has by now notified the fbi that i left the country two days earlier , on a private jet bound for jamaica . 
 what i do n't know is whether the fbi is still monitoring any possible movements by malcolm bannister . 
 i 'm betting they are not , and i want the fbi to think i 'm still somewhere in the islands having a grand time . 
 at any rate , i 'm moving quickly . 
 since malcolm no longer has a valid driver 's license , max rents a car at the avis desk , and forty-five minutes after landing in atlanta , i 'm leaving the city in a hurry . 
 near roswell , georgia , i stop at a walmart and pay cash for two more prepaid cell phones . 
 as i leave the store , i drop two old ones into a trash can . 
 after dark , vanessa parks the truck for good . 
 she 's been driving it for almost twelve hours and ca n't wait to get rid of it . 
 for a moment she sits behind the wheel , in a space next to her honda accord , and watches a commuter airliner taxi to the roanoke terminal . 
 it 's a little after 9:00 on a sunday night , and there appears to be no traffic . 
 the parking lot is almost empty . 
 she takes another deep breath and gets out . 
 working quickly while watching everything around her , she transfers the backpacks from nathan 's front seat into the trunk of her car . 
 eight backpacks , each seemingly heavier than the one before it , but she does not mind at all . 
 she locks the truck , keeps the keys , and leaves the parking lot . 
 if things go as planned , nathan 's truck will not be noticed for several days . 
 when his friends realize he 's missing , they will eventually notify the police , who will find the truck and start piecing together a story . 
 there 's no doubt nathan boasted to someone that he was headed to miami on a private jet , and this will cause the cops to chase their tails for a while . 
 i have no way of knowing if the authorities can link their missing man to nathaniel coley , the clown who recently left town with a fake passport , four kilos of coke , and a pistol , but i doubt it . 
 he might not be located until someone down in jamaica finally allows him to make a phone call . 
 whom he calls and what he tells that person is anyone 's guess . 
 he is more likely to count the hours and days until i return with a sackful of cash and start bribing people . 
 after weeks , maybe a month , he 'll realize his old pal reed stiffed him , took the money and ran . 
 i almost feel sorry for him . 
 at 1:00 a.m. , i approach asheville , north carolina , and see a sign for the motel at a busy interchange . 
 parked behind it , and out of view , is a little blue honda accord with my dear vanessa sitting behind the wheel , the glock at her side . 
 i park next to her and we step inside our first-floor room . 
 we kiss and embrace , but we are much too tense to get amorous . 
 we quietly unload her trunk and toss the backpacks on one of the beds . 
 i lock the door , chain it , and stick a chair under the doorknob . 
 i pull the curtains tight , then hang towels from the rods to cover the slits and cracks and make certain no one can see inside our little vault . 
 while i do this , vanessa takes a shower , and when she emerges from the bathroom , she is wearing nothing but a short terry-cloth bathrobe that reveals miles and miles of the prettiest legs i 've ever seen . 
 do n't even think about it , she says . 
 she 's exhausted . 
 maybe tomorrow . 
 we empty the backpacks , put on disposable latex gloves , and make a neat arrangement of eighteen cigar boxes , each secured with two precise bands of silver duct tape . 
 we notice two have apparently been opened , with the tape cut along the top , and we set them aside . 
 using a small penknife , i cut the tape on the first canister and open the box . 
 we remove the mini-bars , count them - thirty - then put them back inside and re-tape the lid . 
 vanessa scribbles down the quantity and we open the second one . 
 it has thirty-two mini-bars , all shiny , perfectly sized , and seemingly untouched by human hands . 
 `` beautiful , just beautiful , '' she says over and over . 
 `` it will last for centuries . '' 
 `` forever , '' i say , rubbing a mini-bar . 
 `` would n't you love to know what part of the world it came from ? '' 
 she laughs because we 'll never know . 
 we open all sixteen of the sealed boxes , then inventory the mini-bars from the two that had previously been opened . 
 they held about half the number as the others . 
 our total is 570 . 
 with gold fluctuating around $ 1,500 an ounce , our jackpot is worth somewhere in the neighborhood of $ 8.5 million . 
 we lie on the bed with the gold stacked between us , and it 's impossible not to smile . 
 we need a bottle of champagne , but at 2:00 on a monday morning in a cheap motel in north carolina , champagne does not exist . 
 there is so much to take in here , at this moment , but one of the more glorious aspects of our project is that no one is looking for this treasure . 
 other than nathan cooley , no one knows it exists . 
 we took it from a thief , one who left no trail . 
 at 6:30 monday morning , agent fox walked into the large office of victor westlake and said , `` the jamaicans are as slow as ever . 
 nothing much to add . 
 baldwin arrived late friday night on a jet chartered from a company in raleigh , a nice plane that is currently being seized by jamaican customs and ca n't come home . 
 no sign of baldwin . 
 his friend nathaniel coley tried to enter with a fake passport and is now locked up just like the airplane . '' 
 `` he 's in jail ? '' 
 westlake asked , chewing on a thumbnail . 
 `` yes sir . 
 that 's all i can get as of now . 
 do n't know when he might be getting out . 
 i 'm trying to get the police to check hotel records to find baldwin , but they 're hesitant to do so . 
 he 's not a fugitive ; they do n't like to piss off the hotels ; it was the weekend ; et cetera . '' 
 `` find baldwin . '' 
 `` trying , sir . '' 
 `` what 's he up to ? '' 
 fox shook his head . 
 `` it makes no sense . 
 why burn that much cash on a private jet ? 
 why travel with someone using a fake passport ? 
 who the hell is nathaniel coley ? 
 we 've done a search in virginia and west virginia and found no possible hits . 
 maybe coley is a good friend who ca n't get a passport , and they were trying to beat customs so they can play in the sun for a few days . '' 
 `` maybe maybe . '' 
 `` you got it , sir . '' 
 `` keep digging and report back by e-mail . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 `` i 'm assuming he left his car behind at the roanoke airport . '' 
 `` he did , in the parking lot of the general aviation terminal . 
 same florida license plates . 
 we found it saturday morning and have it under surveillance . '' 
 `` good . 
 just find him , okay ? '' 
 `` and if we do ? '' 
 `` just follow him and figure out what he 's doing . '' 
 over coffee and gold , we plan our day , but we do not linger . 
 at nine , vanessa turns in the key at the front desk and checks out . 
 we kiss good-bye and i follow her out of the parking lot , careful not to crowd the rear bumper of her accord . 
 on the other side of it , hidden deep in the trunk , is half the gold . 
 the other half is in the trunk of my rented impala . 
 we separate at the interchange ; she 's going north and i 'm going south . 
 she waves in the rearview mirror , and i wonder when i 'll see her again . 
 as i settle into the long drive , tall coffee in hand , i remind myself that the time must be spent wisely . 
 no foolish daydreaming ; no mental loafing ; no fantasies about what to do with all the money . 
 so many issues vie for priority . 
 when will the police find nathan 's truck ? 
 when do i call rashford watley and instruct him to pass along the message to nathan that things are proceeding as planned ? 
 how many of these cigar boxes will fit into the bank lockboxes i leased a month ago ? 
 how much of the gold should i try to sell at a discount to raise cash ? 
 how do i get the attention of victor westlake and stanley mumphrey , the u.s. attorney in roanoke ? 
 and , most important , how do we get the gold out of the country , and how long might it take ? 
 instead , my mind drifts to thoughts of my father , old henry , who has n't had contact with his younger son in over four months . 
 i 'm sure he 's disgusted with me for getting busted out of frostburg and shipped off to fort wayne . 
 i 'm sure he 's puzzled by the absence of correspondence . 
 he 's probably calling my brother , marcus , in d.c. and my sister , ruby , in california to see if they 've heard anything . 
 i wonder if henry 's a great-grandfather yet , courtesy of marcus 's delinquent son and his fourteen-year-old girlfriend , or did she get the abortion ? 
 on second thought , maybe i do n't miss my family as much as i sometimes think . 
 it would be nice , though , to see my father , though i suspect he will not approve of my altered looks . 
 truth is , there 's a good chance i 'll never see any of them again . 
 depending on the whims and machinations of the federal government , i could remain a free man or i could spend the rest of my life as a fugitive . 
 regardless , i 'll have the gold . 
 as the miles pass and i cling to the speed limit while trying to avoid getting hit by the big rigs , i ca n't help but think of bo . 
 i 've been out of prison for four months now , and every day i 've fought the urge to dwell on my son . 
 it 's too painful to think i may never see him again , but as the weeks go by i have come to accept this reality . 
 reuniting with him , in some fashion , would be the first huge step down the road to normalcy , but my life from now on will be anything but normal . 
 we could never again live together under the same roof , as father and son , and i see no benefit to bo of knowing that i 'm suddenly around and would like to have an ice cream twice a month . 
 i 'm sure he still remembers me , but the memories are certainly fading . 
 dionne is a smart , lovely woman , and i 'm sure she and her second husband are providing a happy life for bo . 
 why should i , a virtual stranger and a guy who certainly looks like one , pop into their world and upset things ? 
 once i convinced bo i was really his father , how would i rekindle a relationship that 's been dead for over five years ? 
 to stop this torment , i try to focus on the next few hours , then the next few days . 
 crucial steps lie ahead , and a screwup could cost me a fortune and possibly send me back to prison . 
 i stop for gas and a vending-machine sandwich near savannah , and two and a half hours later i 'm in neptune beach , my old , temporary stomping ground . 
 at an office supply store i purchase a heavy , thick briefcase , then drive to a public parking area for the beach . 
 there are no security cameras and no foot traffic , and i quickly open the trunk , remove two of the cigar boxes and place them in the briefcase . 
 it weighs about forty pounds , and as i walk around the car i realize it 's too heavy . 
 i remove one container and return it to the trunk . 
 four blocks away , i park at first coast trust , and nonchalantly walk toward the front door . 
 the digital thermometer on the bank 's rotating billboard reads ninety-six degrees . 
 the briefcase gets heavier with each step , and i struggle to act as though it contains nothing but some important papers . 
 twenty pounds is not a lot of weight , but it 's far too much for a briefcase of any size . 
 every step is now being captured on video , and the last thing i want is the image of me lumbering into the bank with a heavy satchel . 
 i worry about vanessa and her efforts to access her lockboxes in richmond with such a burden on her shoulder . 
 heavy as it is , i ca n't help but smile at the astonishing weight of pure gold . 
 inside i wait patiently for the vault clerk to finish with another customer . 
 when it 's my turn , i give her my florida driver 's license and sign my name . 
 she checks my face and my handwriting , approves , and escorts me to the vault in the rear of the bank . 
 she inserts the house key into my lockbox , and i insert my own . 
 noises click perfectly , the box is released , and i carry it to a narrow , private closet and close the door . 
 the clerk waits outside , in the center of the vault . 
 the lockbox is six inches wide , six inches tall , and eighteen inches long , the largest available when i leased it a month ago for one year , at $ 300 per . 
 i place the cigar box inside . 
 vanessa and i labeled each one with the exact number of mini-bars . 
 this one has thirty-three , or 330 ounces , roughly $ 500,000 . 
 i close the box , admire it , kill a few minutes , then open the door and report to the clerk . 
 part of her job is to remain aloof with no suspicions whatsoever , and she does it well . 
 i suppose she 's seen it all . 
 twenty minutes later , i 'm in the vault at a branch of the jacksonville savings bank . 
 the vault is larger , the lockboxes smaller , the clerk more suspicious , but everything else is the same . 
 behind a locked door , i gently place another stash of mini-bars into the box . 
 thirty-two gorgeous little ingots worth another half a million bucks . 
 at my third and final bank , not a half mile from the first one , i make the last deposit of the day , then spend an hour looking for a motel where i can park just outside my room . 
 in a mall on the west end of richmond , vanessa wanders through a high-end department store until she finds the ladies ' accessories . 
 though she acts calm , she is all nerves because her accord is alone out there in the parking lot just waiting to be vandalized or stolen . 
 she selects a chic red leather shoulder bag large enough to be called luggage . 
 its designer is well-known , and it will probably be noticed by the female clerks who run the banks . 
 she pays cash for it and hustles back to her car . 
 two weeks earlier , max - she had always known him as malcolm but she liked the new name better - had instructed her to rent three lockboxes . 
 she had carefully selected the banks around richmond , made the applications , passed the screenings , and paid the fees . 
 then , as instructed , she had visited each one twice to deposit useless paperwork and such . 
 the vault clerks now recognized her , trusted her , and were not the least bit suspicious when ms. vanessa young showed up with a killer new bag and needed access to the vault . 
 in less than ninety minutes , vanessa safely stashes away almost $ 1.5 million in gold bullion . 
 she returns to her apartment for the first time in over a week and parks in a space she can see from her second-floor window . 
 the complex is in a nice part of town , near the university of richmond , and the neighborhood is generally safe . 
 she has lived here for two years and can not remember a stolen car or a burglary . 
 nevertheless , she is taking no chances . 
 she inspects the doors and windows for signs of entry , and finds none . 
 she showers , changes clothes , then leaves . 
 four hours later , she returns , and in the darkness she slowly , methodically hauls the treasure into her apartment and hides it under her bed . 
 she sleeps above it , the glock on the night table , every door locked and latched and jammed with a chair . 
 she drifts in and out , and at dawn she 's sipping coffee on the sofa in the den watching the weather on local cable . 
 the clock seems to have stopped . 
 she would love to sleep some more , but her mind will not allow her body to surrender . 
 her appetite is gone too , though she tries to choke down some cottage cheese . 
 every ten minutes or so , she walks to the window and checks the parking lot . 
 the early morning commuters leave in shifts - 7:30 , 7:45 , 8:00 . 
 the banks do not open until 9:00 . 
 she takes a long shower , dresses as if she 's going to court , packs a bag and takes it to her car . 
 over the next twenty minutes , she removes three of the cigar boxes from under the bed and takes them to her car . 
 these she will soon deposit in the same three lockboxes she visited the day before . 
 the great debate raging in her mind is whether the remaining three canisters will be safer in the trunk of her car or in her apartment under the bed . 
 she decides to play it both ways , and leaves two at home while taking another one with her . 
 vanessa calls with the news that she 's made her third and final deposit of the morning , and is headed to roanoke to see the lawyer . 
 i 'm ahead of her by a step or two . 
 i visited my three banks a bit earlier , made the deposits , and am now driving to miami . 
 we have tucked away 380 of the 570 mini-bars . 
 it 's a good feeling , but the pressure is still on . 
 the feds can and will seize all assets under the right circumstances , and even the wrong ones , so we can take no chances . 
 i have to get the gold out of the country . 
 stalled in construction traffic near fort lauderdale , i punch in the numbers to mr. rashford watley 's cell phone down in montego bay . 
 he answers with a warm laugh as if we 've been friends for decades . 
 i explain i 'm safely back home in the u.s. and life is swell . 
 forty-eight hours ago i was sneaking out of jamaica after saying good-bye to both nathan and rashford , terrified i would be stopped by uniformed men before boarding the flight to puerto rico . 
 i am stunned at how fast things are happening . 
 i repeatedly remind myself to stay focused and think about the next move . 
 rashford has not visited the jail since sunday . 
 i explain that nathaniel has hatched a scheme to start bribing people down there and is having delusions about my returning with a box-load of cash . 
 i 've made a few calls , and it seems as if the boy has a long history with cocaine ; still ca n't believe the idiot would attempt to smuggle in four kilos ; ca n't begin to explain the gun . 
 a moron . 
 rashford agrees and says he chatted with the prosecutor yesterday , monday . 
 if rashford can work his magic , our boy is looking at `` about '' twenty years in the jamaican prison system . 
 frankly , rashford advises , he does n't think nathaniel will survive long in the system . 
 based on the beatings he 's received his first two nights in jail , he 'll be lucky to live a full week . 
 we agree that rashford will visit the jail this afternoon and check on nathaniel . 
 i ask him to pass along the message that i am hard at work securing his release , the visit to his home went as planned , and all things are proceeding as discussed . 
 `` as you wish , '' rashford says . 
 i paid his fee , so he 's still working for me , technically . 
 i hope it 's our last conversation . 
 vanessa once again makes the three-and-a-half-hour drive from richmond to roanoke and arrives promptly for a 2:00 p.m. meeting with dusty shiver , attorney for quinn rucker . 
 when she called to schedule the appointment , she promised to have in her possession crucial evidence about quinn 's case . 
 dusty was intrigued and attempted to pry over the phone , but she insisted on a meeting , as soon as possible . 
 she is dressed fashionably in a skirt short enough to get attention , and she carries a smart leather attache . 
 dusty jumps to his feet when she enters his office and offers a chair . 
 a secretary brings in coffee and they manage some strained small talk until the door is closed for good . 
 `` i 'll get right to the point , mr. shiver , '' she says . 
 `` quinn rucker is my brother , and i can prove he 's innocent . '' 
 dusty absorbs this and allows it to rattle around the room . 
 he knows quinn has two brothers - dee ray and tall man - and a sister lucinda . 
 all have been active in the family business . 
 he now remembers that there was another sister who has not been involved and has never been mentioned . 
 `` quinn is your brother , '' he repeats , almost mumbling . 
 `` yes . 
 i left d.c. a few years ago and have kept my distance . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm listening . 
 let 's hear it . '' 
 vanessa recrosses her legs and dusty maintains eye contact . 
 she begins , `` a week or so after quinn walked away from the camp at frostburg , he almost overdosed on cocaine in d.c. . 
 we , the family , knew he would kill himself with the stuff - quinn was always the heaviest user - and we intervened . 
 my brother dee ray and i drove him to a rehab facility near akron , ohio , a tough place for serious addicts . 
 there was no court order so they could n't lock him down , but that 's basically what happens at this facility . 
 quinn had been there for twenty-one days when the bodies of judge fawcett and his secretary were found on february 7 . '' 
 she lifts a file from her briefcase and places it on dusty 's desk . 
 `` the paperwork is all here . 
 because he had just escaped from prison , he was admitted under an assumed name - mr. james williams . 
 we paid a deposit of $ 20,000 in cash , so the rehab facility was happy to go along . 
 they did n't ask a lot of questions . 
 they gave him a complete physical exam , complete blood work , so there 's dna proof that quinn was there at the time of the murders . '' 
 `` how long have you known this ? '' 
 `` i can not answer all of your questions , mr. shiver . 
 there are many secrets in our family , and not many answers . '' 
 dusty stares at her , and she coolly returns his look . 
 he knows he will not learn everything , and at the moment it 's not that important . 
 he has just won a major victory over the government , and he is already laughing . 
 `` why did he confess ? '' 
 `` why does anyone confess to a crime they did n't commit ? 
 i do n't know . 
 quinn is severely bipolar and has other problems . 
 the fbi hammered him for ten hours and used all the dirty tricks at their disposal . 
 knowing quinn , he was playing games . 
 he probably gave them what they wanted so they would leave him alone . 
 maybe he fabricated a tall tale so they would run around in circles trying to verify it . 
 i do n't know . 
 remember the lindbergh baby kidnapping , the most famous kidnapping in history ? '' 
 `` i 've read about it , sure . '' 
 `` well , at least 150 people confessed to that crime . 
 it makes no sense , but then quinn can be crazy at times . '' 
 dusty opens the file . 
 there is a report of each day quinn was in rehab , from january 17 through february 7 , the monday they found the bodies of judge fawcett and naomi clary . 
 `` it says here he left the facility on the afternoon of february 7 , '' dusty says , reading . 
 `` that 's right . 
 he walked away , or escaped , and made his way to roanoke . '' 
 `` and why , might i ask , did he go to roanoke ? '' 
 `` again , mr. shiver , i ca n't answer a lot of questions . '' 
 `` so he shows up in roanoke the day after the bodies are found , goes to a bar , gets drunk , gets in a fight , gets arrested , and he 's got a pocketful of cash . 
 there are a lot of gaps here , miss ... '' `` yes , there are , and with time the gaps will be filled in . 
 right now , though , it 's not that important , is it ? 
 what 's important is that you have clear proof of his innocence . 
 other than the bogus confession , the government has no evidence against my brother , right ? '' 
 `` that 's correct . 
 there 's no physical evidence , just a lot of suspicious behavior . 
 such as , why was he in roanoke ? 
 how did he get there ? 
 where did he get all that cash ? 
 where did he buy the stolen guns ? 
 lots of questions , miss , but i suppose you do n't have the answers , right ? '' 
 `` correct . '' 
 dusty locks his hands behind his head and stares at the ceiling . 
 after a long , silent gap he says , `` i 'll have to investigate this , you know . 
 i 'll have to go to the rehab center , interview the people there , take affidavits and such . 
 the feds are not about to roll over until our file is much thicker and we can hit them over the head with it . 
 i 'll need another $ 25,000 . '' 
 without hesitation , she says , `` i 'll discuss it with dee ray . '' 
 `` the pretrial conference is in two weeks , so we need to move fast . 
 i 'd like to file a motion to dismiss the charges before the conference . '' 
 `` you 're the lawyer . '' 
 another pause as dusty leans forward on his elbows and looks at vanessa . 
 `` i knew judge fawcett well . 
 we were n't friends , but friendly acquaintances . 
 if quinn did n't kill him , any idea who did ? '' 
 she is already shaking her head . 
 no . 
 the police found nathan 's truck at the general aviation area of the roanoke regional airport late tuesday morning . 
 as expected , his employees at the bar became concerned monday when he did n't show , and by late afternoon they were making calls . 
 they finally contacted the police , who eventually scoured the airport . 
 nathan had boasted of flying to miami on a private jet , so the search was not difficult , at least for his truck . 
 finding it did not automatically indicate foul play , and the police were in no hurry to start a manhunt . 
 a quick background check on the name revealed the criminal record , and this did nothing to create sympathy . 
 there was no family screaming for the lost loved one . 
 a computer search and a few phone calls revealed that nathan had purchased the brand-new chevy silverado two months earlier from a dealer in lexington , virginia , an hour north of roanoke on interstate 81 . 
 the selling price was $ 41,000 , and nathan had paid in cash . 
 not the kind of cash often referred to when one writes a check , but hard cash . 
 an impressive stack of $ 100 bills . 
 unknown to the car dealer , or the police , or anyone else for that matter , nathan had found himself a gold trader . 
 i finally find one myself . 
 after two trips into the vault of the palmetto trust in south-central miami , i still have in my possession , in the trunk of my rented impala , exactly forty-one of the precious little mini-bars , value of about $ 600,000 . 
 i need to convert some of them to cash , and to do so i am forced to enter the shady world of gold trading , where rules are pliant and adjusted on the fly and all characters have shifty eyes and speak in double-talk . 
 the first two dealers , lifted from the yellow pages , suspect i 'm an agent of some variety and promptly hang up . 
 the third one , a gentleman with an accent , which i 'm quickly learning is not unusual in the trade , wants to know how i came to possess a ten-ounce bar of seemingly pure gold . 
 `` it 's a long story , '' i say , then hang up . 
 number four is a small fry who pawns appliances out front and buys jewelry in the back . 
 number five shows some potential but , of course , will have to see what i 've got . 
 i explain that i do not want to walk into his store because i do not wish to be caught on video . 
 he pauses and i suspect he 's thinking about getting robbed of his cash at gunpoint . 
 we eventually agree to meet at an ice cream shop two doors down from his store , in a shopping center , in a good part of town . 
 he 'll be wearing a black marlins cap . 
 thirty minutes later i 'm sitting in front of a double pistachio gelato . 
 hassan , a large gray-bearded syrian , is across from me and working on a triple chocolate fudge . 
 twenty feet away is another swarthy gentleman who 's reading a newspaper , eating frozen yogurt , and probably ready to shoot me if i show the slightest sign of causing trouble . 
 after we try and fail at small talk , i slide over a crumpled envelope . 
 inside is a single gold bar . 
 hassan glances around , but the only customers are young moms and their five-year-olds , along with the other syrian . 
 he takes the mini-bar into his thick paw , squeezes it , smiles , taps it slightly on the corner of the table , and mumbles , `` wow . '' 
 this he manages without the slightest hint of an accent . 
 i am amazed at how soothing that simple expression is . 
 i have never thought about the gold being fake , but to have it legitimized by a pro is suddenly refreshing . 
 `` you like , huh ? '' 
 i say stupidly , just trying to get something out . 
 `` very nice , '' he says , easing the bar into the envelope . 
 i reach over and take it . 
 he asks , `` how many ? '' 
 `` let 's say five bars , fifty ounces . 
 gold closed yesterday at $ 1,520 an ounce , so - '' `` i know the price of gold , '' he interrupts . 
 `` of course you do . 
 do you want to buy five bars ? '' 
 a guy like this never says yes or no . 
 instead , he mumbles , talks in circles , hedges , and bluffs . 
 he says , `` it is possible , and it certainly depends on the price . '' 
 `` what can you offer ? '' 
 i ask , but not too eagerly . 
 there are other gold dealers left in the yellow pages , though i 'm running out of time and weary of the cold-calling . 
 `` well , that depends , mr. baldwin , on several things . 
 one must assume in a situation like this that the gold is of , shall we say , the black-market variety . 
 i do n't know where you got it , and do n't want to know , but there is a reasonable chance it was , shall we say , extracted from its previous owner . '' 
 `` does it really matter where - '' `` are you the registered owner of this gold , mr. baldwin ? '' 
 he asks sharply . 
 i glance around . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` of course not . 
 therefore , the black-market discount is 20 percent . '' 
 this guy does n't need a calculator . 
 `` i 'll pay $ 1,220 an ounce , '' he says softly but firmly as he leans forward . 
 his beard partially covers his lips , but his accented words are clear . 
 `` for five bars ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` fifty ounces ? '' 
 `` assuming the other four are of the same quality . '' 
 `` they are identical . '' 
 `` and you have no registration , records , paperwork , nothing , correct , mr. baldwin ? '' 
 `` that 's right , and i want no records now . 
 a simple deal , gold for cash , no receipts , no paperwork , no videos , nothing . 
 i came and went and vanished in the night . '' 
 hassan smiles and offers his right hand . 
 we shake , the deal is done , and we agree to meet at nine the following morning at a deli across the street , one with booths where we can do our counting in private . 
 i leave the ice cream parlor as if i 've committed a crime and repeat to myself what should be obvious ; to wit , it is not against the law to buy and sell gold , at discounted prices or at inflated ones . 
 this is not crack we 're peddling on the street , nor is it inside information from a boardroom . 
 it 's a perfectly legitimate transaction , right ? 
 anyone watching hassan and me would swear they were observing two crooks negotiating a crooked deal . 
 who could blame them ? 
 at this point , i am beyond caring . 
 i 'm taking risks , but i have no choice . 
 hassan is a risk , but i need the cash . 
 getting the gold out of the country will require risks , but leaving it here could mean losing it . 
 i spend the next two hours shopping at discount stores . 
 i buy random items such as backgammon sets , small toolboxes , hardback books , and three cheap laptop computers . 
 i haul my goods into a ground-level motel room south of coral gables and spend the rest of the night tinkering , packing , and sipping cold beer . 
 from the laptops , i remove the hard drives and the batteries , and manage to replace them with three of my little bricks . 
 inside each hardback , i stuff one mini-bar wrapped in newspaper and aluminum foil , then bind it tightly with duct tape . 
 in the toolboxes , i leave the hammer and screwdrivers , but remove everything else . 
 four mini-bars fit nicely into each one . 
 the backgammon sets hold two bars without feeling suspicious . 
 using supplies from fedex , ups , and dhl , i carefully package my goods as the hours pass and i 'm lost in another world . 
 i call vanessa twice and we replay our days . 
 she 's back in richmond , doing the same thing i 'm doing . 
 we 're both exhausted , physically and mentally , but we encourage each other to keep going . 
 now is not the time to slow down or get careless . 
 at midnight , i finish and admire my handiwork . 
 on the credenza there are a dozen overnight packages , all sealed and properly air billed , efficient-looking , not the least bit suspicious , and together holding thirty-two mini-bars worth roughly $ 500,000 . 
 for international shipments , the paperwork is tedious and i am forced to fudge on the contents . 
 the sender is mr. m. reed baldwin of skelter films in miami , and the recipient is the same guy at sugar cove villas , number 26 , willoughby bay , antigua . 
 my plans are to be there to receive them . 
 if they arrive at their destination without incident , vanessa and i will probably try similar shipments in the near future . 
 if something goes wrong , we 'll make new plans . 
 shipping like this is another risk ; the packages might be searched and confiscated ; the gold could be stolen somewhere along the way . 
 however , i 'm reasonably confident it will find its new home . 
 i remind myself we 're not shipping banned substances here . 
 i 'm too wired to sleep , and at 2:00 a.m. i turn on the lights and my laptop and fiddle with the e-mail . 
 it is to mr. stanley mumphrey , u.s. attorney , southern district of virginia , and mr. victor westlake , fbi , washington . 
 the current draft reads : dear mr. mumphrey and mr. westlake : i 'm afraid i 've made a grave mistake . 
 quinn rucker did not kill judge raymond fawcett and ms. naomi clary . 
 now that i 'm out of prison , it has taken me several months to realize this , and to identify the real killer . 
 quinn 's confession is bogus , as you probably know by now , and you have zero physical evidence against him . 
 his attorney , dusty shiver , now has in his possession clear proof of an airtight alibi that will clear quinn , so prepare yourselves for the reality of dropping all charges against him . 
 sorry for any inconvenience . 
 it is imperative that we talk as soon as possible . 
 i have a detailed plan of how to proceed , and only your total cooperation will lead to the apprehension and conviction of the killer . 
 my plan begins with the promise of complete immunity for myself and others , and it ends with the precise result that you desire . 
 working together , we can finally resolve this matter and bring about justice . 
 i am out of the country and have no plans to return , ever . 
 sincerely , malcolm bannister typically , sleep is fleeting . 
 in fact , it is so elusive and fitful i 'm not sure i slept at all . 
 there is so much to do that i find myself drinking bad coffee and staring at the television long before the sun rises . 
 finally , i shower , dress , load the overnight packages into my car , and hit the empty streets of miami in search of breakfast . 
 at nine , hassan rumbles into the deli with a brown paper sack , as though he 's been to the grocer for a few items . 
 we huddle in a booth , order coffee , and while we dodge the waitress , we do the counting . 
 his job is far easier than mine ; he caresses the five mini-bars before dropping them into the inside pockets of his wrinkled blazer . 
 i poke into the brown bag and struggle to count 122 stacks of $ 100 bills , ten per stack . 
 `` it 's all there , '' he says , watching out for the waitress . 
 `` a hundred and twenty-two thousand dollars . '' 
 when i 'm satisfied , i close the bag and try to enjoy the coffee . 
 twenty minutes after he arrives , he leaves . 
 i wait awhile , then head for the door , nervously expecting a swat team to assault me as i hustle to my car . 
 i keep $ 22,000 for the trip , and stuff $ 50,000 into two remaining backgammon sets . 
 at a fedex shipping office , i wait in line with five overnight packages and watch intently as the customers in front of me go about their business . 
 when it 's my turn , the clerk examines the air bills and nonchalantly asks , `` what 's inside ? '' 
 `` household items , some books , nothing of real value , nothing to insure , '' i respond , the words carefully rehearsed . 
 `` i have a place on antigua . 
 just sprucing it up a bit . '' 
 she nods as if she 's really interested in my plans . 
 for standard business delivery , three days guaranteed , the bill comes to $ 310 , and i pay with a prepaid credit card . 
 as i leave the lobby , and leave the gold behind , i take a deep breath and hope for the best . 
 using the rental car 's gps , i locate a ups office and go through the same procedure . 
 i return to palmetto trust and it takes an hour to get into my lockbox . 
 i leave behind the rest of the cash and the four remaining mini-bars . 
 it takes a while to find the dhl shipping desk in the sprawl of miami international , but i eventually negotiate my way there and drop off more packages . 
 i finally part with my impala at an avis station and take a cab to the general aviation section of the airport , far away from the main terminal . 
 there are blocks of private aircraft hangars , and charter companies , and flight schools , and my driver gets lost as we search in vain for an outfit called maritime aviation . 
 it needs a larger sign because the one currently in use can hardly be seen from the nearest street , and i 'm tempted to bark this at the clerk when i walk in the door . 
 i manage to bite my tongue and relax . 
 there is no scanner to examine me or my luggage , and i assume private aircraft terminals are not equipped with these machines . 
 i expect to be scanned at some level upon my arrival in antigua , so i 'm playing it safe . 
 i have about $ 30,000 in cash , with most of it hidden in my luggage , and if they dig through it and get excited , i 'll play dumb and pay the fine . 
 i was tempted to try to smuggle in a gold bar or two , to see if it can be done , but the risk is greater than the reward . 
 at 1:30 , the pilots say it 's time to board , and we crawl inside a learjet 35 , a small jet about half the size of the challenger nathan and i enjoyed briefly during our recent trip to jamaica . 
 the 35 can perhaps seat six people , but full-sized men would be shoulder to shoulder . 
 instead of a restroom , there is an emergency potty under a seat . 
 it 's cramped , to say the least , but who cares ? 
 it 's far cheaper than a big plane , but just as fast . 
 i 'm the only passenger , and i 'm in a hurry . 
 max baldwin on board here , with proper documentation . 
 malcolm bannister has been retired , for the final time . 
 i 'm sure customs will eventually notify some spook within the fbi , and after some puzzlement he 'll report to his boss . 
 they 'll rub their chins and wonder what baldwin is doing , what 's his thing with private jets , why is he spending all his money ? 
 a lot of questions , but the big one is still , what the hell is he doing ? 
 they will have no clue unless i tell them . 
 as we taxi away from the terminal , i quickly review the e-mail to mumphrey and westlake , then i press send . 
 it is july 28 . 
 four months ago i left frostburg , and two months ago i left fort carson with a new face and name . 
 as i try to recall these past few weeks and put them into perspective , i begin to nod off . 
 when we reach our altitude of forty thousand feet , i fall asleep . 
 two hours later i am awakened by turbulence and look through the window . 
 we are streaking over a summer thunderstorm and the small jet is getting bounced around . 
 one of the pilots turns around and gives me a thumbs-up - everything 's okay . 
 if you say so , pal . 
 minutes later the sky is calm again , the storm is behind us , and i gaze down at the beautiful waters of the caribbean . 
 according to the navscreen on the bulkhead in front of me , we are about to pass over st. croix in the u.s. virgin islands . 
 there are so many beautiful islands down there , and so much variety . 
 when i was in prison , i kept hidden in the library a fodor 's guide to the caribbean , a thick reference book with two dozen color photos , maps , lists of things to do , and brief histories of all the islands . 
 i dreamed that i would one day be loose in the caribbean , alone with vanessa , just the two of us on a small sailboat , drifting from island to island in complete and unrestrained freedom . 
 i do not know how to sail and i 've never owned a boat , but that was malcolm . 
 today , max is starting a new life at forty-three , and if he wants to buy a skiff , learn to sail , and spend the rest of his life drifting from beach to beach , who can stop him ? 
 the plane jolts slightly as the engines cut back a notch . 
 i watch the captain ease down on the throttles as we begin a long descent . 
 there 's a small cooler by the door and i find a beer . 
 we pass over nevis and st. kitts in the distance . 
 those two islands have attractive banking laws too , and i considered them briefly , back when i was at frostburg and had plenty of time to dwell on my research . 
 i considered the cayman islands but learned that they are now terribly overbuilt . 
 the bahamas are too close to florida and filthy with u.s. agents . 
 puerto rico is a territory , so it never made any of my lists . 
 st. bart 's has traffic jams . 
 the u.s. virgins have too much crime . 
 jamaica is where nathan now resides . 
 i chose antigua as my first base of operations because there are seventy-five thousand people , almost all black like me , not overcrowded but not sparsely populated either . 
 it 's a mountainous island with 365 beaches , one for each day , or so say the brochures and web sites . 
 i chose antigua because its banks are notoriously flexible and known to look the other way . 
 and , if for some reason the island displeases me , i 'll be quick to move along . 
 there are too many other places to see . 
 we slam onto the runway and screech to a halt . 
 the captain turns around and mouths the words `` sorry about that . '' 
 pilots take great pride in their smooth landings , and this guy is probably embarrassed . 
 as if i care . 
 the only thing that matters right now is a safe exit from the plane and a smooth entry into the country . 
 there are two other jets at the private terminal , and fortunately a large one has just landed . 
 at least ten adult americans in shorts and sandals are heading into the building to get processed . 
 i stall long enough to fall in behind them . 
 as the immigration and customs agents go through their routines , i realize there are no scanners for the private passengers and their bags . 
 excellent ! 
 i say good-bye to the pilots . 
 outside the small building , i watch the other americans load into a waiting van and disappear . 
 i sit on a bench until my cab appears . 
 the villa is on willoughby bay , twenty minutes from the airport . 
 i ride in the back of the cab , windows down , warm salty air blowing in my face , as we twist around one side of a mountain and slowly descend the other . 
 in the distance , there are dozens of small boats moored in a bay , resting on blue water that seems perfectly still . 
 it is a furnished two-bedroom condo in a cluster of the same , not directly facing the beach but close enough to hear the waves break . 
 it 's leased in my current name , and the three-month rental was covered by a skelter films check . 
 i pay the cabdriver and walk through the front gate of sugar cove . 
 a pleasant lady in the office gives me the key and a booklet on the ins and outs of the unit . 
 i let myself in , turn on the fans and air-conditioning , and check out the rooms . 
 fifteen minutes later , i 'm in the ocean . 
 at precisely 5:30 p.m. , stanley mumphrey and two of his underlings gathered around a speaker in the center of a conference room table . 
 within seconds , the voice of victor westlake came on , and after quick hellos westlake said , `` so , stan , what do you make of it ? '' 
 stanley , who 'd been thinking of nothing else since receiving the e-mail four hours earlier , replied , `` well , vic , it seems to me that we first need to decide whether we 're going to believe this guy again , do n't you think ? 
 i mean , he admits he got it wrong the last time . 
 he does n't admit to lying to us , but instead says he just made a mistake . 
 he 's playing games . '' 
 `` it will be hard to trust him again , '' westlake said . 
 `` do you know where he is right now ? '' 
 mumphrey asked . 
 `` he just flew from miami to antigua , on a private jet . 
 last friday , he flew from roanoke to jamaica on a private jet , then reentered the country sunday as malcolm bannister . '' 
 `` any idea what he 's doing with all these weird movements ? '' 
 `` not a clue , stan . 
 we 're baffled . 
 he 's proven himself quite adept at disappearing and at moving money around . '' 
 `` right . 
 i have a scenario , vic . 
 suppose he lied to us about quinn rucker . 
 maybe rucker is part of the scheme and he played along so bannister could get himself out of prison . 
 now they 're trying to save rucker 's ass . 
 sounds like a conspiracy to me . 
 lying , conspiracy . 
 what if we pop them with a sealed indictment , scoop up bannister and throw him back in jail , then see how much he knows about the real killer . 
 he might be more talkative from the other side of the bars . '' 
 `` so you believe him now ? '' 
 westlake asked . 
 `` did n't say that , vic , not at all . 
 but if his e-mail is true , and if dusty shiver has an alibi , then we 're screwed with this prosecution . '' 
 `` should we talk to dusty ? '' 
 `` we wo n't have to . 
 if he 's got the evidence , we 'll see it soon enough . 
 one thing i ca n't figure out , one of many , is why they sat on the evidence for so long . '' 
 `` same here , '' westlake said . 
 `` one theory we 're floating is that bannister needed the time to find the killer , if , of course , we are to believe him . 
 frankly , i do n't know what to believe at this point . 
 what if bannister knows the truth ? 
 we have nothing on our end . 
 we do n't have a shred of physical evidence . 
 the confession is shaky . 
 and if dusty has a smoking gun , then we 're all about to eat a bullet . '' 
 mumphrey said , `` let 's indict them and squeeze them . 
 i 'll call in the grand jury tomorrow , and we 'll have an indictment within twenty-four hours . 
 how much trouble will it be grabbing bannister in antigua ? '' 
 `` a pain in the ass . 
 he 'll have to be extradited . 
 could take months . 
 plus , he might vanish again . 
 this guy is good . 
 let me talk to the boss before you call in the grand jury . '' 
 `` okay . 
 but if bannister wants immunity , then it sounds as though he 's committed a crime and wants a deal , right ? '' 
 westlake paused a second , then said , `` it 's pretty rare for an innocent man to ask for immunity . 
 it happens , but not very often . 
 what crime are you thinking about ? '' 
 `` nothing definite , but we 'll find one . 
 racketeering comes to mind . 
 i 'm sure we can bend rico to fit these facts . 
 conspiracy to impede the judicial process . 
 lying to the court and the fbi . 
 come to think of it , the indictment is growing the longer we talk . 
 i 'm getting pissed , vic . 
 bannister and rucker were pals at frostburg and cooked up this scheme . 
 rucker walked away in december . 
 judge fawcett was killed in february . 
 and now it looks like bannister fed us a bunch of crap about rucker and his motives . 
 do n't know about you , vic , but i 'm beginning to feel as though we 've been duped . '' 
 `` let 's not overreact here . 
 the first step is to determine if bannister is telling the truth . '' 
 `` okay , and how do we go about doing that ? '' 
 `` let 's wait on dusty and see what he has . 
 in the meantime , i 'll talk to my boss . 
 let 's chat again tomorrow . '' 
 at a tobacco store in downtown st. john 's , i see something that freezes me , then makes me smile . 
 it 's a box of lavos , an obscure cigar hand wrapped in honduras and costing twice as much in the states . 
 the four-inch torpedo model sells for $ 5 in antigua and $ 10 at the downtown roanoke tobacco store called vandy 's smokes . 
 it was there that judge fawcett routinely purchased his favorite brand . 
 on the bottom side of four of the fourteen lavo boxes we now have stashed in banks , there are white square stickers advertising vandy 's , with phone number and street address . 
 i buy twenty of the lavo torpedoes , and admire the box . 
 it 's made of wood , not cardboard , and the name appears to have been hand carved across the top . 
 judge fawcett was known to drift around lake higgins in his canoe , puffing on lavos while fishing and enjoying the solitude . 
 evidently , he saved the empty boxes . 
 the cruise ships have not arrived yet , so downtown is quiet . 
 merchants sit in the shade outside their shops , chatting and laughing in their seductive , lilting version of the king 's english . 
 i drift from shop to shop , oblivious to time . 
 i have gone from the stultifying tedium of prison life , to the jolting madness of tracking a killer and his loot , to this - the languid pace of island living . 
 i prefer the latter , for obvious reasons , but also because it is now , the present , and the future . 
 max is a new person with a new life , and the baggage is quickly falling by the wayside . 
 i buy some clothes , shorts and t-shirts , beach stuff , then wander into my bank , the royal bank of the east caribbean , and flirt with the cute girl working the front desk . 
 she directs me on down the line , and i eventually present myself to the vault clerk . 
 she studies my passport , then leads me into the depths of the bank . 
 during my first visit nine weeks ago , i rented two of the largest lockboxes available . 
 alone with them now , i leave some cash and worthless papers , and i wonder how long it will be before they are filled with little gold bars . 
 i flirt on the way out and promise to be back soon . 
 i rent a convertible beetle for a month , put the top down , fire up a lavo , and begin a tour of the island . 
 after a few minutes , i feel dizzy . 
 i ca n't recall the last time i smoked a cigar and i 'm not sure why i 'm doing so now . 
 the lavo is short and black and even looks strong . 
 i toss it out the window and keep driving . 
 fedex wins the race . 
 the first packages arrive monday around noon , and because i have been anxiously roaming the grounds of sugar cove , i see the truck when it pulls up . 
 miss robinson , the pleasant lady who runs the office , has by now heard the full version of the fiction . 
 i am a writer/filmmaker , holed up in her villas for the next three months , working desperately to finish a novel and a screenplay based on said novel . 
 my partners , meanwhile , are already filming preliminary scenes . 
 blah , blah , blah . 
 therefore , i am expecting approximately twenty overnight packages from miami : manuscripts , research memos , videos , even some equipment . 
 she is visibly impressed . 
 i 'm really looking forward to the day when i can stop lying . 
 inside my villa , i open the boxes . 
 a backgammon set yields two bars ; a toolbox , four ; a hardback novel , one ; and another backgammon set , two . 
 a total of nine , all apparently untouched during their journey from miami to antigua . 
 i often wonder about their history . 
 who mined the gold ? 
 from which continent ? 
 who minted it ? 
 how did it get into this country ? 
 and so on . 
 but i know these questions will never be answered . 
 i hustle into st. john 's , to the royal bank of the east caribbean , and put the precious ingots to rest . 
 my second e-mail to messrs. westlake and mumphrey reads : hey guys : it 's me again . 
 shame on you for not responding to my e-mail of two days ago . 
 if you want to find judge fawcett 's killer , then you need to work on your communication skills . 
 i 'm not going away . 
 i 'll bet your initial reaction is to trump up some bogus indictment and come after me and quinn rucker . 
 you ca n't help this because you are , after all , the feds , and it 's just your nature . 
 what is it about our prosecutorial system that makes guys like you want to put everyone in jail ? 
 it 's pathetic , really . 
 i met dozens of good people in prison ; men who would n't physically harm anyone and men who would never screw up again , yet , thanks to you , they 're serving long sentences and their lives are ruined . 
 but i digress . 
 forget another indictment . 
 you ca n't make the charges stick , not that that has ever slowed you down , but there is simply no section of your vast federal code that you can possibly use against me . 
 more important , you ca n't catch me . 
 do something stupid , and i 'll disappear again . 
 i 'm not going back to prison , ever . 
 i have attached to this e-mail four color photographs . 
 the first three are of the same cigar box , a dark brown wooden box handcrafted somewhere in honduras . 
 into this box , a worker carefully placed twenty lavos , a strong , black , rich , near-lethal cigar with a cone tip . 
 the box was shipped to an importer in miami , and from there sent to vandy 's smokes in downtown roanoke where it was purchased by the honorable raymond fawcett . 
 evidently , judge fawcett smoked lavos for many years and kept the empty boxes . 
 perhaps you found a few when you searched the cabin after the murders . 
 i have a hunch that if you check with the owner of vandy 's he 'll be well acquainted with judge fawcett and his rather rare taste in cigars . 
 the first photo is of the box as it would appear in a store . 
 it 's almost a perfect five-inch square , and five inches in height - unusual for a cigar box . 
 the second photo is a side shot . 
 the third is of the box 's bottom , clearly showing the white sticker of vandy 's smokes . 
 this box was taken from judge fawcett 's safe shortly before he was executed . 
 it is now in my possession . 
 i would give it to you , but the killer 's fingerprints are most certainly on it , and i 'd hate to ruin the surprise . 
 the fourth photo is the reason we 're all at the table . 
 it is of three , ten-ounce , gold ingots , perfect little mini-bars without the slightest hint of registration or identification -lrb- more about this later -rrb- . 
 these little dudes were stacked thirty to a cigar box and tucked away in judge fawcett 's safe . 
 so , one mystery is now solved . 
 why was he murdered ? 
 someone knew he had a pot of gold . 
 the big mystery , though , still haunts you . 
 the killer is still out there , and after six months of bumbling , stumbling , goose chasing , puffing , posturing , and lying , you do not have a clue ! 
 come on guys , give it up . 
 let 's cut a deal and close this file . 
 your friend , malcolm victor westlake canceled yet another dinner with his wife and at 7:00 p.m. , friday , walked into the office of his boss , the director of the fbi , mr. george mctavey . 
 two of mctavey 's assistants stayed in the office to take notes and fetch files . 
 they gathered around a long conference table , all exhausted from another interminable week . 
 mctavey had been fully briefed , so there was no need to cover old territory . 
 he began with his trademark `` is there anything that i do n't know ? '' 
 this question could always be anticipated , and it had damned well be answered truthfully . 
 `` yes , '' westlake replied . 
 `` let 's hear it . '' 
 `` the spike in the price of gold has created a huge demand for the stuff , so we 're seeing all sorts of scams . 
 every pawnbroker in the country is now a gold trader , so you can imagine the crap that 's being bought and sold . 
 we ran an investigation last year in new york city involving some rather established traders who were melting gold , diluting it , then passing it along as basically pure . 
 no indictments yet , but the case is not closed . 
 in the course of this , an informant who worked for a dealer got his hands on a ten-ounce bar with no id stamped on it . 
 ninety-nine point nine percent pure , really fine stuff , and an unusual price . 
 he dug around and found out that a man named ray fawcett came in from time to time and sold a few bars , at a slight discount , for cash of course . 
 we have a video of fawcett in the store on forty-seventh street back in december , two months before he was murdered . 
 apparently , he drove to new york a couple times a year , did his trading , and drove back to roanoke with a sackful of cash . 
 the records appear to be incomplete , but based on what we have it looks as though he sold at least $ 600,000 worth of gold over the past four years in new york city . 
 there is nothing illegal about this , assuming , of course , the gold was rightfully owned by fawcett . '' 
 `` interesting , but ? '' 
 `` i showed bannister 's photo of the gold to our informant . 
 in his words , they are identical . 
 bannister has the gold . 
 how much , we have no way of knowing . 
 the cigar box checks out . 
 the gold checks out . 
 assuming he got the gold from the killer , then he certainly knows the truth . '' 
 `` and your theory is ? '' 
 `` malcolm bannister and quinn rucker served together at frostburg , and they were closer friends than we realized . 
 one of them knew about fawcett and his stash of gold , and they planned their racket . 
 rucker walks away from prison , goes into rehab for his alibi , and they wait for the killer to strike . 
 he does , and their plan suddenly becomes operational . 
 bannister squeals on rucker , who gives a bogus confession , which leads to an immediate indictment , and bannister walks . 
 once he 's out , he goes through witness protection , leaves it , somehow finds the killer and the gold . '' 
 `` would n't he have to kill the killer to get his gold ? '' 
 westlake shrugged because he had no idea . 
 `` maybe , but maybe not . 
 bannister wants immunity , and we 're betting he 'll also demand a rule 35 release for rucker . 
 quinn has five more years on his original sentence , plus a few extra for the escape . 
 if you 're bannister , why not try to get your buddy out ? 
 if the killer is dead , then rule 35 might not work for quinn . 
 i do n't know . 
 the lawyers are downstairs scratching their heads . '' 
 `` that 's always comforting , '' mctavey said . 
 `` what 's the downside of dealing with bannister ? '' 
 `` we dealt with him last time and he lied to us . '' 
 `` okay , but what does he gain by lying now ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 he has the gold . '' 
 mctavey 's tired and worried face suddenly became jovial . 
 he chuckled , threw his hands into the air , and said , `` beautiful , brilliant , i love it ! 
 we got ta hire this guy because he 's a lot smarter than we are . 
 talk about a set of balls . 
 he gets his dear friend indicted for the capital murder of a federal judge and he knows the entire time he can get it unraveled and walk him out . 
 are you kidding me ? 
 we look like a bunch of fools . '' 
 westlake could n't help but join in the fun . 
 he smiled and shook his head in disbelief . 
 mctavey said , `` he 's not lying , vic , because he does n't have to . 
 lies were important earlier , during the first phase of the project , but not now . 
 now it 's time for the truth , and bannister knows the truth . '' 
 westlake nodded in agreement . 
 `` so what 's our plan ? '' 
 `` where 's the u.s. attorney on this ? 
 what 's his name ? '' 
 `` mumphrey . 
 he 's squawking about another indictment , but it 's not going to happen . '' 
 `` does he know everything ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 he does n't know that we know fawcett was selling gold in new york . '' 
 `` i 'm having brunch with the ag in the morning . 
 i 'll explain what we 're doing and he 'll get mumphrey in line . 
 i suggest the two of you meet with bannister as soon as possible and tie up the loose ends . 
 i 'm really tired of judge fawcett , vic , know what i mean ? '' 
 i wait for another delayed flight inside the sweltering terminal of v. c. bird international airport , but i 'm not the least bit annoyed or anxious . 
 by now , my fourth day on antigua , my wristwatch is in a drawer and i 'm on island time . 
 the changes are subtle , but i am slowly purging my system of the frenetic habits of modern life . 
 my movements are slower ; my thoughts , uncluttered ; my goals , nonexistent . 
 i 'm living for today and casting an occasional , lazy eye at tomorrow ; other than that , do n't bother me , mon. . 
 vanessa looks like a model when she bounces down the steps of the commuter flight from san juan . 
 a straw hat with a wide brim , designer shades , a summer dress that is delightfully short , and the easy grace of a woman who knows she 's a knockout . 
 ten minutes later , we 're in the beetle and i have a hand on her thigh . 
 she informs me she has been fired from her job because of excessive time off . 
 and insubordination . 
 we laugh . 
 who cares ? 
 we go straight to lunch at the great reef club , on a bluff overlooking the ocean , with a view that is hypnotic . 
 the crowd is well-heeled and british . 
 we are the only black diners , though all of the staff is of our kind . 
 the food is just okay , and we vow to search out the local joints so we can eat with real people . 
 i guess we 're technically rich , but it seems impossible to think in those terms . 
 we do n't necessarily want the money as much as we want the freedom and security . 
 i suppose we 'll grow accustomed to a better life . 
 after a dip in the ocean , vanessa wants to explore antigua . 
 we put the top down , find a reggae station on the radio , and fly along the narrow roads like two young lovers finally escaping . 
 rubbing her legs and watching her smile , i find it difficult to fathom that we have made it this far . 
 i marvel at our luck . 
 the summit is at the blue waters hotel , on the northwestern tip of the island . 
 i walk into the colonial-style main house , into the breezy lobby , all alone . 
 i spot a couple of agents in bad tourist clothing as they sip sodas and try to appear innocuous . 
 a real tourist here has an easy , casual look , while a fed posing as a tourist looks like a misfit . 
 i wonder how many agents , assistant attorneys , deputy directors , et cetera , managed to wedge themselves into this quick little trip to the islands , spouses included of course , courtesy of uncle sam . 
 i walk through archways , past gingerbread woodwork , along picket fences to a wing where business can be done . 
 we meet in a small suite on the second level , with a view of the beach . 
 i am greeted by victor westlake , stanley mumphrey , and four other men whose names i do n't even try to remember . 
 gone are the dark suits and drab ties , replaced by golf shirts and bermuda shorts . 
 though it 's early august , most of the pale legs in the room have not seen the sun . 
 the mood is light ; i 've never seen so many smiles in such an important gathering . 
 these men are elite crime fighters , accustomed to hard , humorless days , and this little diversion is a dream for them . 
 i have one final , nagging doubt that this could be a setup . 
 i could be walking into a trap , with these boys ready to spring an indictment , a warrant , an extradition order , and whatever else it might take to drag me back to jail . 
 in that event , vanessa has a plan , one that assures the protection of our assets . 
 she is two hundred yards away , waiting . 
 there are no surprises . 
 we 've talked enough on the phone to know the parameters , and we get down to business . 
 on a speaker-phone , stanley places a call to roanoke , to the office of dusty shiver , who now represents not only quinn rucker but his sister vanessa and me . 
 when dusty is on the phone , he makes some lame crack about missing all the fun down in antigua . 
 the feds roar with laughter . 
 we first review the immunity agreement , which basically says the government will not prosecute me , quinn , vanessa young , or denton rucker -lrb- a.k.a. dee ray -rrb- for any possible wrongdoing in the murder investigation of judge raymond fawcett and naomi clary . 
 it takes fourteen pages to say this , but i 'm satisfied with the language . 
 dusty has reviewed it too and wants a couple of minor changes from mumphrey 's office . 
 being lawyers , they are required to haggle for a bit , but eventually come to terms . 
 the document is redrafted , in the room , then signed and e-mailed to a federal magistrate on call in roanoke . 
 thirty minutes later , a copy is e-mailed back with the magistrate 's approval and signature . 
 in a legal sense , we are now teflon . 
 quinn 's freedom is a little more complicated . 
 first , there is an order of dismissal that clears him of all charges relating to the murders , and it contains some benign language inserted by mumphrey and his boys that attempts to soften the blame for their misguided prosecution . 
 dusty and i object , and the language is eventually removed . 
 the order is e-mailed to the magistrate in roanoke , and he signs it immediately . 
 next is a rule 35 motion to commute his sentence and set him free . 
 it has been filed in the d.c. federal court from which he was sentenced for cocaine distribution , but quinn is still in jail in roanoke . 
 i repeat what i 've said several times already : i will not complete my end of the deal until quinn has been released . 
 period . 
 this has been agreed upon , but it takes the coordinated movements of several people , with instructions now coming from the speck of an island nation known as antigua . 
 quinn 's sentencing judge in d.c. is on board , but he 's tied up in court . 
 the u.s. marshals service feels the need to intrude and insists on moving quinn when the time comes . 
 at one point , five of the six lawyers in my meeting are on their cell phones , two while pecking away at laptops . 
 we take a break , and vic westlake asks me to join him for a cold drink . 
 we find a table under a terrace beside a pool , away from the others , and order iced tea . 
 he feigns frustration with the wasted time and so on . 
 i am assuming he 's wearing a wire of some variety , and he probably wants to talk about the gold . 
 i 'm all smiles , the laid-back antiguan now , but my radar is on high alert . 
 `` what if we need your testimony at trial ? '' 
 he asks gravely . 
 this has been discussed at length and i thought things were clear . 
 `` i know , i know , but what if we need some extra proof ? '' 
 since he does not yet have the name of the killer , or the circumstances , this question is premature , and it 's probably a warm-up to something else . 
 `` my answer is no , okay ? 
 i 've made that clear . 
 i have no plans to ever return to the u.s. i 'm seriously considering renouncing my citizenship and becoming a full-fledged antiguan , and if i never set foot on u.s. soil again , i 'll die a happy man . '' 
 `` somewhat of an overreaction , do n't you think , max ? '' 
 he says in a tone i despise . 
 `` you now have full immunity . '' 
 `` that might be easy for you to say , vic , but then you 've never spent time in prison for a crime you did n't commit . 
 the feds nailed me once and almost ruined my life ; it 's not going to happen again . 
 i 'm lucky in that i 'm getting a second chance , and for some strange reason i 'm a bit hesitant to subject myself to your jurisdiction again . '' 
 he sips his tea and wipes his mouth with a linen napkin . 
 `` a second chance . 
 sailing off into the sunset with a pot of gold . '' 
 i just stare at him . 
 after a few seconds he says , a bit awkwardly , `` we have n't discussed the gold , have we max ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` let 's give it a go , then . 
 what gives you the right to keep it ? '' 
 i stare at a button on his shirt and say , clearly , `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
 i do not have any gold . 
 period . '' 
 `` how about the three mini-bars in the photo you e-mailed last week ? '' 
 `` that 's evidence , and in due course i 'll give them to you , along with the cigar box in the other photo . 
 i suspect these little exhibits are covered with fingerprints , both fawcett 's and the killer 's . '' 
 `` great , and the big question will be , where 's the rest of the gold ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` okay . 
 you must agree , max , that it will be important to the prosecution of the killer to know what was in judge fawcett 's safe . 
 what got him killed ? 
 at some point , we 'll have to know everything . '' 
 `` perhaps you wo n't know everything ; you never will . 
 there will be ample evidence to convict this killer . 
 if the government botches the prosecution , it will not be my problem . '' 
 another sip , a look of exasperation . 
 then , `` you do n't have the right to keep it , max . '' 
 `` keep what ? '' 
 `` the gold . '' 
 `` i do not have the gold . 
 but , speaking hypothetically , in a situation like this it seems to me the loot belongs to no one . 
 it 's certainly not the property of the government ; it was n't taken from the taxpayers . 
 you never had possession of it , never had a claim . 
 you 've never seen it and you 're not sure , at this point , if it even exists . 
 it does n't belong to the killer ; he 's a thief as well . 
 he stole it from a public official who obtained it , we assume , through corruption . 
 and if you could possibly identify the original source of the loot and tried to return it , those boys would either dive under a desk or run like hell . 
 it 's just out there , sort of in the clouds , like the internet , owned by no one . '' 
 i wave my hands at the sky as i finish this well-rehearsed response . 
 westlake smiles because we both know the truth . 
 there 's a twinkle in his eye , as if he wants to laugh in surrender and say , `` helluva job . '' 
 of course , this does n't happen . 
 we make our way back to the suite and are told that the judge in d.c. is still occupied with more important matters . 
 i 'm not about to lounge around the table with a bunch of federal boys , so i go for a walk on the beach . 
 i call vanessa , tell her things are proceeding slowly , and , no , i have not seen handcuffs or guns . 
 so far , it 's all aboveboard . 
 quinn should be released soon . 
 she tells me dee ray is in dusty 's office waiting for their brother . 
 during his lunch break , the judge who had sentenced quinn to seven years for trafficking reluctantly signed a rule 35 order of commutation . 
 the day before he had chatted with stanley mumphrey , victor westlake and his boss , george mctavey , and to underline the importance of what was before him , the attorney general of the united states . 
 quinn was immediately taken from the jail in roanoke to the law offices of dusty shiver , where he hugged dee ray and changed into some jeans and a polo . 
 one hundred and forty days after being arrested as a fugitive in norfolk , virginia , quinn is a free man . 
 it 's almost 2:30 by the time all the orders and documents are properly signed , examined , and verified , and at the last minute i step outside the room and call dusty . 
 he assures me we 've `` got 'em by the throat , '' all paperwork is in order , all rights are being protected , all promises are being fulfilled . 
 `` start singing , '' he says with a laugh . 
 six months after i arrived at the louisville federal correctional institution , i agreed to review the case of a drug dealer from cincinnati . 
 the court had badly miscalculated the term of his sentence , the mistake was obvious , and i filed a motion to get the guy released immediately with time already served . 
 it was one of those rare occasions in which everything worked perfectly and quickly , and within two weeks the happy client went home . 
 not surprisingly , word spread through the prison and i was immediately hailed as a brilliant jailhouse lawyer capable of performing miracles . 
 i was inundated with requests to review cases and do my magic , and it took a while for the buzz to die down . 
 around this time , a guy we called nattie entered my life and consumed more time than i wanted to give . 
 he was a skinny white kid who 'd been busted for meth distribution in west virginia , and he was adamant that i review his case , snap my fingers , and get him out . 
 i liked nattie , so i looked at his papers and tried to convince him there was nothing i could do . 
 he began talking about a payoff ; at first there were vague references to a lot of money stashed somewhere , and some of it might be mine if i could only get nattie out of prison . 
 he refused to believe i could not help him . 
 instead of facing reality , he became more delusional , more convinced i could find a loophole , file a motion , and walk him out . 
 at some point , he finally mentioned a quantity of gold bars , and i figured he had lost his mind . 
 i rebuffed him , and to prove his point he told me the entire story . 
 he swore me to secrecy and promised me half of the fortune if i would only help him . 
 as a child , nattie was an accomplished petty thief , and in his teenage years drifted into the world of meth . 
 he moved around a lot , dodging drug enforcement agents , bill collectors , deputies with warrants , fathers with pregnant daughters , and pissed-off rivals from other meth gangs . 
 he tried several times to go straight but easily fell back into a life of crime . 
 he was watching his cousins and friends ruin their lives with drugs , as addicts and convicted felons , and he really wanted something better . 
 he had a job as a cashier in a country store , deep in the mountains around the small town of ripplemead , when he was approached by a stranger who offered him $ 10 an hour for some manual labor . 
 no one in the store had ever seen the stranger , nor would they ever again . 
 nattie was making $ 5 an hour , cash , off the books , and jumped at the chance to earn more . 
 after work , nattie met the stranger at a pre-arranged spot and followed him along a narrow dirt trail to an a-frame cabin wedged into the side of a steep hill , just above a small lake . 
 the stranger introduced himself only as ray , and ray was driving a nice pickup truck with a wooden crate in the back . 
 as it turned out , the crate contained a five-hundred-pound safe , too much for ray to handle by himself . 
 they rigged a pulley with a cable over a tree branch and managed to wrestle the safe out of the truck , onto the ground , and eventually into the basement of the cabin . 
 it was tedious , backbreaking work , and it took almost three hours to get the safe inside . 
 ray paid him in cash , said thanks and good-bye . 
 nattie told his brother , gene , who was in the vicinity hiding from the sheriff two counties away . 
 the brothers became curious about the safe and its contents , and decided to investigate . 
 when they were certain ray had left the cabin , they attempted to break in but were stopped by heavy oak doors , unbreakable glass , and thick dead bolts . 
 so they simply removed an entire window in the basement . 
 inside , they could not locate the safe but did manage to identify ray . 
 riffling through some papers at a worktable , they realized their neighbor was a big-shot federal judge over in roanoke . 
 there was even a newspaper article about an important trial involving uranium mining in virginia , with the honorable raymond fawcett presiding . 
 they drove to roanoke , found the federal courthouse , and watched two hours of testimony . 
 nattie wore glasses and a baseball cap in case the judge might get bored and look around the courtroom . 
 there were plenty of spectators and ray never looked up . 
 convinced they were onto something , the brothers returned to the cabin , reentered through the basement window , and again searched for the safe . 
 it had to be in the small basement because that was where nattie and the judge had left it . 
 one wall was lined with shelves and covered with thick law books , and the brothers became convinced there must be a hidden space behind the wall . 
 they carefully removed each book , looked behind it , then replaced it . 
 it took some time , but they eventually found a switch that opened a trapdoor . 
 once it swung open , the safe was just sitting there , at floor level , waiting to be opened . 
 but that proved to be impossible because there was a digital keypad that , of course , required a coded entry . 
 they toyed with it for a day or two , with no luck . 
 they spent a lot of time in the cabin but were always careful about not leaving a trail . 
 one friday , gene drove to roanoke , about an hour away , went to the courtroom , checked on the judge , then hung around long enough for him to adjourn for the weekend , or until 9:00 a.m. monday . 
 gene followed him to his apartment and watched him load his truck with what appeared to be a brown paper sack of groceries , a cooler , several bottles of wine , a gym bag , two bulky briefcases and a stack of books . 
 ray left his apartment , alone , and drove west . 
 gene called nattie and said ray was on his way . 
 nattie tidied up the cabin , replaced the basement window , swept away any boot prints in the dirt by the porch , and climbed a tree fifty yards away . 
 sure enough , an hour later judge fawcett arrived at the cabin , unloaded his truck , and promptly took a nap in a hammock on the porch as nattie and gene watched from the thick forest surrounding the a-frame . 
 the following day , a saturday , judge fawcett dragged his canoe to the water 's edge , loaded two fishing rods and some bottled water , fired up a short , dark cigar , and shoved off across lake higgins . 
 nattie watched him with binoculars while gene removed the window and hurried inside the cabin . 
 the trapdoor was open , the safe was visible , but it was closed and locked . 
 out of luck again , gene quickly left the basement , reinstalled the window , and retreated to the woods . 
 the boys were determined to find out what was in the safe , but they were also patient . 
 ray had no idea he was being watched , and if he was adding to his treasure each week , then there was no hurry . 
 for the next two fridays , gene watched the exterior of the courthouse in roanoke , but the judge worked late . 
 a federal holiday was approaching , and they guessed the judge might get away for a long weekend . 
 according to the newspaper articles , the bench trial was arduous and hotly contentious , with a lot of pressure on judge fawcett . 
 they guessed correctly . 
 at 2:00 p.m. friday , the proceedings were adjourned until 9:00 a.m. the following tuesday . 
 gene watched as ray loaded up and headed for the lake , alone . 
 the cabin was too deep in the mountains for electricity or gas ; thus , it had no air-conditioning or heating , except for a large fireplace . 
 food and beverages were kept on ice in the cooler ray hauled back and forth . 
 when he needed lights to read by at night , he cranked up a small gas generator outside the basement , and its low , muffled sound echoed through the valley . 
 usually , though , the judge was asleep by 9:00 p.m. . 
 the basement was one room and one closet , a narrow space with small double doors . 
 inside the closet , ray stored stuff that appeared to be forgotten - hunting clothes , boots , and a pile of old quilts and blankets . 
 gene cooked up the plan of hiding nattie in there , for hours , with the idea that through the tiniest of cracks in one of the doors , he would be able to watch as the judge opened the safe and stashed away whatever it was he was hiding . 
 nattie , at five feet seven and 130 pounds , had a long history of hiding in cracks and crevices , though he was initially reluctant to spend the night in the closet . 
 the plan was revised yet again . 
 on the friday before columbus day , judge fawcett arrived at his cabin around 6:00 p.m. and took his time unloading the truck . 
 nattie was curled up in the basement closet , virtually invisible amid the hunting clothes , blankets , and quilts . 
 he had a pistol in his pocket in the event things went wrong . 
 gene was watching from the trees , also with a gun . 
 they were nervous as hell , but also wildly excited . 
 as ray went about his business of settling in , he lit a cigar and the entire cabin soon smelled of rich tobacco smoke . 
 he took his time , talked to himself , hummed the same song over and over , and eventually hauled a bulky briefcase to the basement . 
 nattie was hardly breathing as he watched the judge remove a law book from a shelf , flip the hidden switch , and pull the trapdoor open . 
 he punched in the code on the keypad and opened the safe . 
 it was filled with cigar boxes . 
 he backed away and removed another cigar box from the briefcase . 
 he paused for a second , lifted the lid , and took out a beautiful little gold ingot . 
 he admired it , caressed it , then returned it to the box , which he then placed carefully in the safe . 
 another cigar box followed , then he quickly closed the safe , programmed the code , and closed the trapdoor . 
 nattie 's heart was pounding so violently he worried about shaking the entire closet , but he urged himself to stay calm . 
 as he was leaving , the judge noticed the crack in the closet door and shoved it tight . 
 around 7:00 p.m. , he lit another cigar , poured a glass of white wine , and sat in a rocker on the porch to watch the sun fade over the mountains . 
 after dark , he turned on the generator and puttered around the cabin until ten , when he turned it off and went to bed . 
 as the cabin became still and quiet , gene appeared from the woods and banged on the door . 
 who is it ? 
 ray demanded angrily from inside . 
 gene said he was looking for his dog . 
 ray opened the door and they spoke through the screen . 
 gene explained he had a cabin about a mile away , on the other side of the lake , and his beloved dog , yank , had disappeared . 
 ray was not the least bit friendly and said he had seen no dogs in the vicinity . 
 gene thanked him and left . 
 when nattie heard the banging and the conversation upstairs , he quietly sneaked out of the closet and left through a basement door . 
 he was unable to relock the dead bolt , and the boys figured the judge would scratch his head and remain confused as to why the door was n't properly locked . 
 by then , they would be lost in the woods . 
 the judge would search and search but would find no signs of entry , nothing missing , and would eventually forget about it . 
 naturally , the brothers were stunned at what they had learned , and they began making plans to rob the safe . 
 it would require an altercation with the judge , and probably violence , but they were determined to follow through . 
 two weekends passed and the judge stayed in roanoke . 
 then three . 
 while watching the cabin , and the judge , gene and nattie had returned to their meth business because they were broke . 
 before they could get the gold , they were busted by dea agents . 
 gene was killed , and nattie went away to prison . 
 he waited five years before he strong-armed judge fawcett , tortured naomi clary , robbed the safe , and executed both of them . 
 `` and who , exactly , is nattie ? '' 
 westlake asks . 
 all six of the men are staring at me . 
 `` his name is nathan edward cooley , and you 'll find him in the city jail in montego bay , jamaica . 
 take your time , he 's not going anywhere . '' 
 `` might he also be known as nathaniel coley , your friend with the fake passport ? '' 
 `` that 's him . 
 he 's looking at twenty years in a jamaican prison , so he might make this easy for you . 
 my hunch is that nattie will happily plead guilty to a life sentence in a u.s. prison , no parole of course , anything to get out of jamaica . 
 offer him a deal , and you wo n't have to bother with a trial . '' 
 there is a long pause as they catch their collective breath . 
 finally , vic asks , `` is there anything you have not thought of ? '' 
 my storytelling talents hold them spellbound , and for an hour they pepper me with questions . 
 i slog through the answers , and when i start to repeat myself , i get irritated . 
 give a bunch of lawyers the rich details of a mystery they 've lost sleep over , and they ca n't help but ask the same question five different ways . 
 my low opinion of victor westlake is raised somewhat when he says , `` that 's it . 
 meeting 's over . 
 i 'm going to the bar . '' 
 i suggest the two of us have drinks alone , and we return to the same table by a pool . 
 we order beers and gulp them when they arrive . 
 `` something else ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` yes , as a matter of fact , there is something else . 
 something almost as big as the murder of a federal judge . '' 
 `` have n't you had enough for one day ? '' 
 `` oh yes , but i have one parting shot . '' 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 i take another swig and savor the taste . 
 `` if my time line is correct , judge fawcett was accepting and hiding pure gold in the middle of the uranium trial . 
 the plaintiff was armanna mines , a consortium of companies with interests around the world . 
 however , the majority partner is a canadian company based in calgary , and this company owns two of the five largest gold mines in north america . 
 the uranium deposits in virginia alone are worth an estimated $ 20 billion , but no one really knows for sure . 
 if a corrupt federal judge wants a few gold bars in return for a payoff of $ 20 billion , why not do it ? 
 the company gave fawcett his jackpot ; he gave them everything they wanted . '' 
 `` how much gold ? '' 
 westlake asks softly , as though he does n't want his own hidden mike to hear . 
 `` we 'll never know , but i suspect fawcett received around $ 10 million in pure gold . 
 he cashed in here and there . 
 you have the informant in new york , but we 'll never know if it went elsewhere and traded on the black market . 
 nor will we ever know how much cash was in the safe when nathan finally got to it . '' 
 `` nathan might tell us . '' 
 `` indeed , but do n't count on it . 
 anyway , the grand total is beside the point . 
 it 's a lot of money , or gold , and for it to travel from armanna mines into the somber chambers of the honorable raymond fawcett , someone had to be the bagman . 
 someone arranged the deal and made the deliveries . '' 
 `` one of the lawyers ? '' 
 `` probably . 
 i 'm sure armanna had a dozen . '' 
 `` any clue ? '' 
 `` none whatsoever . 
 but i 'm convinced a massive crime has occurred , with serious implications . 
 the u.s. supreme court will hear the case this october , and given the pro-business leanings of the majority , it 's likely fawcett 's gift to the uranium miners will stand . 
 that would be a shame , would n't it , vic ? 
 a corrupt opinion becomes a law . 
 a huge mining company bribes its way past the statutory ban and is given carte blanche to wreck the environment of southern virginia . '' 
 `` why do you care ? 
 you 're not going back there , or so you say . '' 
 `` my feelings are not important , but the fbi should care . 
 if you launch an investigation , the case could be seriously derailed . '' 
 `` so now you 're telling the fbi how to run its business . '' 
 `` not at all . 
 but do n't expect me to remain quiet . 
 have you heard of an investigative reporter named carson bell ? '' 
 his shoulders sag as he looks away . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` new york times . 
 he covered the uranium trial and has followed the appeals . 
 i would make an incredible unnamed source . '' 
 `` do n't do that , max . '' 
 `` you ca n't stop me . 
 if you do n't investigate , i 'm sure mr. bell would love to . 
 front page and all that . 
 fbi cover-up . '' 
 `` do n't do it . 
 please . 
 give us some time . '' 
 `` you have thirty days . 
 if i hear nothing of an investigation , then i 'll invite mr. bell down for a week on my little island . '' 
 i drain my beer , smack the table with my glass , and get to my feet . 
 `` thanks for the drink . '' 
 `` you 're just getting revenge , are n't you , max ? 
 one last shot at the government . '' 
 `` who says it 's my last ? '' 
 i say over my shoulder . 
 i leave the hotel and hoof it down the long drive . 
 at the end , vanessa appears in the beetle and we race away . 
 ten minutes later we park outside the private terminal , grab our light bags , and meet the maritime aviation crew in the lobby . 
 our passports are checked , and we hustle toward the same learjet 35 that brought me to antigua a week earlier . 
 `` let 's get out of here , '' i say to the captain as we climb on board . 
 two and a half hours later , we land at miami international as the sun dips below the horizon . 
 the lear taxis to a customs office for reentry , then we wait half an hour for a cab . 
 inside the main terminal , vanessa buys a one-way ticket to richmond , through atlanta , and we hug and kiss good-bye . 
 i wish her good luck , and she does the same . 
 i rent a car and find a motel . 
 at nine the next morning , i 'm waiting outside palmetto trust when the doors are unlocked . 
 my carry-on bag has wheels and i roll it into the vault . 
 within minutes , i extract $ 50,000 in cash and three lavo cigar boxes containing eighty-one mini-bars . 
 on my way out , i do not mention to the vault clerk that i will never return . 
 the lease for the safe-deposit box will expire in a year , and the bank will simply re-key and rent it to the next guy . 
 i fight the early traffic and eventually make it to interstate 95 , going north in a hurry but careful not to get stopped . 
 jacksonville is six hours away . 
 the tank is full and i plan to drive without stopping . 
 north of fort lauderdale , vanessa calls with the welcome news that her mission is accomplished . 
 she has retrieved the bullion hidden in her apartment , emptied the three lockboxes in the richmond banks , and is already headed for d.c. with a trunkful of gold . 
 i get stalled in construction traffic around palm beach , and this ruins my plans for the afternoon . 
 the banks will be closed when i arrive at the jacksonville beaches . 
 i have no choice but to slow down and go with the flow . 
 it 's after six when i get to neptune beach , and for old time 's sake i check into a motel i 've used before . 
 it accepts cash and i park near my room on the ground level . 
 i roll the carry-on inside and fall asleep with it on the bed with me . 
 vanessa wakes me at ten . 
 she is safely tucked away in dee ray 's condo near union station . 
 quinn is there and they are having a delightful reunion . 
 for this phase of the operation , dee ray has broken up with his live-in girlfriend and moved her out . 
 in his opinion , she can not be trusted . 
 she is not family , and she 's certainly not the first girl he has cast aside . 
 i pass along my request to hold the champagne for twenty-four hours . 
 we - vanessa , dee ray , and i - expressed strong misgivings about quinn including his estranged wife in our plot . 
 a divorce looks likely , and it 's best if she knows nothing at this point . 
 once again , i find myself killing a few minutes in the parking lot of a bank , first coast trust . 
 when the doors open at 9:00 a.m. , i wander in , as nonchalantly as possible , pulling an empty carry-on and flirting with the clerks . 
 just another sunny day in florida . 
 alone in the vault , in a private stall , i remove two lavos cigar boxes and place them gently into the carry-on . 
 minutes later , i 'm driving a few blocks to a branch of jacksonville savings . 
 when that lockbox is empty , i make my final stop at a wells fargo branch in atlantic beach . 
 by ten i 'm back on interstate 95 , headed to d.c. with 261 golden bricks in the trunk . 
 only the five i sold to hassan for cash have disappeared . 
 it 's almost midnight when i enter central d.c. i take a brief detour and drive along first street , passing in front of the supreme court building and wondering what will be the final outcome of the momentous case of armanna mines v. the commonwealth of virginia . 
 one of the lawyers , or perhaps two or three of those involved in the case , once defiled the chambers of a federal judge with their filthy bribes . 
 said bribes are now in the trunk of my car . 
 what a journey . 
 i 'm almost tempted to park at the curb , take out a mini-bar , and toss it through one of the massive windows . 
 however , better judgment prevails . 
 i circle union station , follow the gps to i street , then to the corner of fifth . 
 by the time i park in front of the building , mr. quinn rucker is bounding down the steps with the biggest smile i 've ever seen . 
 our embrace is long and emotional . 
 `` what took so long ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` got here as fast as i could , '' i reply . 
 `` i knew you would come , bro . 
 i never doubted you . '' 
 `` there were doubts , lots of them . '' 
 we 're both stunned at the fact that we 've pulled it off , and at that moment our success is overwhelming . 
 we embrace again , and each of us admires how thin the other looks . 
 i comment that i 'm looking forward to eating again . 
 quinn says he 's tired of playing the lunatic . 
 `` i 'm sure it comes natural , '' i say . 
 he grabs my shoulders , stares at my new face , and says , `` you 're almost cute now . '' 
 `` i 'll give you the doctor 's name . 
 you could use some work . '' 
 i 've never had a closer friend than quinn rucker , and the hours we spent at frostburg hatching our scheme now seem like an ancient dream . 
 back then , we believed in it because there was nothing else to hope for , but deep down we never seriously thought it would work . 
 arm in arm , we climb the steps and enter the condo . 
 i hug and kiss vanessa , then reintroduce myself to dee ray . 
 i met him briefly years ago in the visitors ' room at frostburg when he came to see his brother , but i 'm not sure i would recognize him walking down a street . 
 it does n't matter ; we are now blood kin , our bonds solidified by trust and gold . 
 the first bottle of champagne is poured into four waterford flutes - dee ray has expensive tastes - and we chug it . 
 dee ray and quinn stick guns in their pockets , and we quickly unload my car . 
 the party that follows would seem implausible even in a fantasy film . 
 with champagne flowing , the gold bars are stacked ten deep in the center of the den floor , all 524 of them , and we sit on cushions around the treasure . 
 it 's impossible not to gawk and no one tries to suppress the laughter . 
 since i 'm the lawyer and the unofficial leader , i commence the business portion of the meeting with some simple math . 
 we have before us 524 little bricks ; 5 were sold to a syrian gold trader in miami ; and 41 are now resting safely in a bank vault on antigua . 
 the total taken from our dear pal nathan is 570 , worth roughly $ 8.5 million . 
 pursuant to our agreement , dee ray gets 57 of the glowing little ingots . 
 his 10 percent was earned by fronting the cash quinn was caught with ; for paying dusty 's legal fees ; for supplying the four kilos of nathan 's cocaine , along with the pistol and the chloral hydrate i used to knock him out . 
 dee ray picked up quinn when he walked away from frostburg , and he monitored nathan 's release from prison so we would know exactly when to start the project . 
 he also paid the $ 20,000 deposit to the rehab center near akron for quinn 's phony cocaine problem . 
 dee ray is in charge of the yacht . 
 as he 's getting drunker , he hands over an itemized list of his expenses , including the yacht , and rounds it all off at an even $ 300,000 . 
 we 're assuming a value of $ 1,500 an ounce , so we vote unanimously to award him another twenty bars . 
 no one is in the mood to quibble , and when you 're staring at such a fortune it 's easy to be magnanimous . 
 at some unknown and unknowable point in the future , the remaining 488 bars will be equally divided among quinn , vanessa , and me . 
 that 's not important now - the urgency is in getting the stuff out of this country . 
 it will take a long time to slowly convert the gold to cash , but we 'll worry about that much later . 
 for the moment , we are content to pass the hours drinking , laughing , and taking turns telling our version of the events . 
 when vanessa replays the moment in nathan 's house when she stripped naked and confronted his buddies at the front door , we laugh until it 's painful . 
 when quinn recounts the meeting with stanley mumphrey in which he blurted out the fact that he knew max baldwin had left witness protection and left florida , he imitates mumphrey 's wild-eyed reaction to this startling news . 
 when i describe my second meeting with hassan and trying to count 122 stacks of $ 100 bills in a busy coffee shop , they think i 'm lying . 
 we slowly come to life hours later . 
 the hangovers and fatigue are offset by the excitement of the task at hand . 
 for a young man who has lived on the fringes of an operation adept at smuggling illegal substances into the country , the challenge of smuggling our gold out is light lifting for dee ray . 
 he explains that we are now avid scuba divers , and he has purchased an astonishing collection of gear , all of it stored in heavy , official u.s. divers brand nylon duffel bags , each with a solid zipper and a small padlock . 
 we hustle around the condo removing masks , snorkels , fins , regulators , tanks , weight belts , buoyancy compensators , gauges , dry suits , even spearguns , none of which has ever been used . 
 it will be on ebay within a month . 
 the gear is replaced by an assortment of smaller u.s. divers snorkel backpacks and dry bags , all filled with gold mini-bars . 
 the weight of each bag is tested and retested by the men to see how much can be carried . 
 the bags are bulky and heavy , but then they would be if filled with scuba gear . 
 in addition , dee ray has accumulated a variety of luggage , the sturdiest cases he could , and all on rollers . 
 we place the gold in shoes , shaving kits , makeup bags , even two small tackle boxes for deep-sea fishing . 
 when we add a few items of clothing for the trip , our bags and gear seem heavy enough to sink a fine boat . 
 the weight is important because we do not want to raise suspicion . 
 of much greater significance , though , is the fact that all 524 bars are now packed , under lock and key , and safe , or so we pray . 
 before we leave , i take a look around the condo . 
 it is littered with diving gear and packing debris . 
 on the kitchen table , i see empty lavo cigar boxes and have a twinge of nostalgia . 
 they served us well . 
 at ten , a large van arrives and we load the scuba duffels and the luggage inside . 
 there 's barely enough room for the four of us . 
 vanessa sits in my lap . 
 fifteen minutes later we pull in to a parking lot at the washington marina . 
 its piers are lined with slips and hundreds of boats of all shapes rock gently on the water . 
 the larger ones are at the far end . 
 dee ray points in that direction and tells the driver where to go . 
 the yacht is a sleek , beautiful vessel , a hundred feet long , three decks high , brilliant white , and called rumrunner , which seems vaguely appropriate . 
 it sleeps eight comfortably and has a crew of ten . 
 a month earlier , dee ray chartered it for a quick cruise to bermuda , so he knows the captain and the crew . 
 he calls them by name as we spill out and start grabbing bags . 
 two porters help with the scuba duffels and strain under the weight . 
 but then , they 've dealt with serious divers before . 
 passports are collected by the steward and taken to the bridge . 
 quinn 's is fake , and we 're holding our breath . 
 it takes an hour to inspect our quarters , get ourselves situated , and settle in for the ride . 
 dee ray explains to the deckhands that we want the scuba gear in our cabins because we are fanatical about our equipment . 
 they schlep it up from storage and haul it to our rooms . 
 when the engines come to life , we change into shorts and congregate on the lower deck . 
 the steward brings the first bottle of champagne and a tray of shrimp . 
 we motor slowly through the harbor and into the potomac . 
 from passing boats , we get some looks . 
 perhaps it 's unusual to see a yacht loaded with african-americans . 
 this is a white man 's game , right ? 
 the steward returns with all four passports and wants to chat . 
 i explain that i have just bought a place in antigua , and we 're going down for a party . 
 he eventually asks what i do for a living -lrb- in other words , where is this money coming from ? -rrb- 
 , and i tell him i 'm a filmmaker . 
 when he 's gone we toast my favorite actor - nathan cooley . 
 soon we 're in the atlantic and the coast fades away . 
 our cabin is large by boat standards , which is n't very big at all . 
 with four pieces of luggage and two scuba duffels we have trouble moving about . 
 the bed , though , works fine . 
 vanessa and i have a quickie , then sleep for two hours . 
 three days later we ease into jolly harbour , on the west end of antigua . 
 sailing is serious business on the island and the bay is crowded with moored boats of all sizes . 
 we ease past them , barely inching along , leaving almost no wake as we take in the views of the mountains on all sides . 
 the big yachts are docked together at one of the piers , and our captain slowly maneuvers the rumrunner into a slip between two other fine ships , one about our size and the other much larger . 
 in this fleeting moment of living like the rich , we find it impossible not to compare the lengths of the yachts . 
 we stare at the larger one and think , who owns it ? 
 what does he do ? 
 where is he from ? 
 and so on . 
 our crew scurries around to secure the boat , and after the engines die the captain collects passports again and steps onto the pier . 
 he walks about a hundred feet to a small customs building , goes inside , and does the paperwork . 
 a week earlier , when i was killing time and waiting on vanessa to arrive on antigua , i sniffed around the dock at jolly harbour until a yacht arrived . 
 i watched the captain go to the customs building , just as ours is doing now . 
 and , more important , i noted that no one from customs inspected the boat . 
 the captain returns ; everything is in order . 
 we have arrived on antigua with the gold and with no suspicions . 
 i explain to the steward that we want to move the scuba gear to my villa because it will be easier to use from there . 
 and while we 're at it , we 'll take the luggage as well . 
 we 'll probably use the yacht to dive around the islands , and for a long dinner or two , but for the first day or so we 'll stay at my place . 
 the steward is fine with this , whatever we wish , and calls for taxis . 
 while they are en route , we help the deckhands unload our bags and duffels onto the dock . 
 it 's quite a pile , and no one would suspect we 're hiding $ 8 million in gold in luggage and scuba gear . 
 it takes three taxis to haul everything , and as we load up we wave good-bye to the steward and the captain . 
 twenty minutes later we arrive at the villa in sugar cove . 
 when everything is inside , we exchange high fives and jump in the ocean . 
